Title: [master] [all-e]A Purchase Invoice with a G/L Account and Allocation Account generates incorrect allocation of the Expense and does not include Canada Expense Tax in the Allocation of the Purchase Invoice Line Amount
Repro Steps:
In a CRONUS Canada tenant testing. 1) Set up an Allocation Account for this test in a CA Tenant - CRONUS Canada, Inc. (Note: Went into Dimensions and assigned AREA with Dimension Value of 30, 40, 50, 70, and 80 on each of the first 5 lines, respectively. Then, used Dimension DEPARTMENT with ADM, PROD, SALES, and a new DEPARTMENT of EXEC on the remaining 4 lines so each of the nine Allocation Lines had different Dimensions.) DEPARTMENT DIMENSIONS HAVE ADDED CUSTOM DIMENSION FOR EXEC ALLOCATION ACCOUNT LINES - 9 Lines with 11% on each line with the exception of one line for 12% to balance to 100% in total as per the presented scenario details. 2) Create a Purchase Invoice from Vendor 10000 and entered Account 65600 (OFFICE SUPPLIES) with the Allocation Account configured assigned on the lines. The Quantity is 25 and the Direct Unit Cost is $26.85. The Tax Group of NONTAXABLE is assigned, so no tax for this specific test. Invoice Details Tab has Tax Liable Enabled and Tax Area Code of ON The Purchase Invoice Lines reflect the following values as described above. NOTE: Tax Group is NONTAXABLE with 0% Tax Rate, so no Tax on this first example. 3) Complete a Posting Preview Result: The Line Amount allocated is CA$ 670.50, but the total Line Amount is CA$ 671.25. The Amount Allocated is incorrect because the allocation is not the total expense. CA$ 0.75 is not included in the allocation, which makes no sense. Expected Result: the full Amount of the expense of CA$ 671.25 should be allocated. SCENARIO 2: Extending the test, the client changes to add Canada Expense Capitalize Tax Keep the same test and lines above, but update to have Canada Purchase Tax with Expense Capitalize added: 4) Go to Tax Details and enable Expense/Capitalize Tax for Jurisdiction CA-ON for TAXABLE Tax Group (Note: expense capitalized is checked) 5) On the same Purchase Invoice above in Step 2, edit the Purchase Invoice Line to have Tax Group = TAXABLE. Note: Canada Purchase Tax is calculated. The Total Purchase Invoice Amount is updated to CA$ 758.51. 6) Click Post > Posting Preview RESULT: The Allocated Amount is CA$ 670.50 still, which is still strange because the Expense is not the full amount of Expense Before Tax as indicated above in Scenario 1. However, now it is also an issue that the added Canada Expensed Purchase Tax that should be allocated in addition to the Expense Amount is not considered. EXPECTED RESULT: The full Expense Amount PLUS Expensed Canada Tax of CA$ 758.51 should be allocated to the Allocation Expense Account. It is not.
Description:
The client is facing several issues with the allocation accounts on purchase invoices in a Canada Localized environment. Here's a detailed summary of the problems Non-taxable Tax Group Code on G/L Card and Non-taxable Line: When both the Tax Group Code on the G/L card and the line are set to Non-taxable, the allocation entries do not pick up any tax amount. As a result, no tax is calculated on the preview posting, but the amount allocated does not match the Purchase Invoice Line Amount. Non-taxable Tax Group Code on G/L Card and Purchase Tax Taxable Line: When the Tax Group Code on the G/L card is set to Non-taxable but the line is changed to Taxable, the allocation entries still do not pick up any tax amount. No tax is calculated on the preview posting, but the tax amount is shown on the invoice, leading to a mismatch in the total amounts From what I have identified, there is a Slice that exists to manage Expense Tax Allocation https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/397926 Microsoft Idea However, the Posting is incorrect. The issue needs to be revisited for correction as a Request for Hotfix. The Allocations must take into account Expense/Capitalize Tax to be fully compliant with British Columbia Canada Sales and Purchase Tax law.
