Title: ZUGFERD E-Invoice file - Shipping Date is missing
Repro Steps:
1) E-Document Services > New > Create one for 'ZUGFeRD'. 2) Electronic Document Formats > Add one for 'ZUGFeRD' with ID '13920'. 3) Workflows > Create a new 'E-Documents to one service Workflow' for 'ZUGFeRD' > Enable it. 4) Document Sending Profiles > Create a new one with 'ZUGFeRD Workflow'. 5) Set the 'Document Sending Profile' created as the for one of the Customers. 6) Company Information > Fill in the Email & Swift Code. 7) Create a Sales Order for the same Customer > Post & Send > Make sure the 'Send Document to' is using the correct Workflow. 8) E-Documents > Actions > E-Document Logs > Select the created file > Export File. 9) The partner claims the exported file is invalid due to missing data in the XML. 10) The partner shared with us this the site he's using to validate the 'ZUGFeRD' exports, https://www.portinvoice.com/. 11) The customer statement is attached, which includes details of what exactly he believes is wrong with the XML file. 12) The issue is reported for BC 27.0, I tried to upload a file exported from Version 26.5 to the provided site, and was told it's invalid as well. 13) If we upload the exported PDF file back in BC, we don't get an error. * Appreciate your confirmation whether this website should be taken as reference for the 'ZUGFeRD' file validity. Expected Outcome:The customer expects the exported PDF file for the 'ZUGFeRD' to be valid. Actual Outcome:The customer says the exported PDF file for the 'ZUGFeRD' to be invalid, providing the expected format. Troubleshooting Actions Taken by partner:Please see attached word file. Thanks.
Description:

