Title: [master] [ALL-E] Completing a drill-down on Financial Reports Overview calculated value that's derived using an Analysis View and an Account Category for Totaling Type on the Row Definition does not filter the accounts presented on the page.
Repro Steps:
To recreate this issue, use CRONUS USA, Inc. Demo Company. Required Elements to reproduce the issue: The Financial Statement - Row Definition needs to be linked to an Analysis View The Financial Statement - Row Definition needs to have a Row Definition where Totaling Type = Account Category Step 1 - go to Financial Report > Row Definitions - and Modified REVENUE to have the following bottom three Rows (highlighted in yellow) using Account Category for the Totaling Type. Step 2 - Create a Copy of the DEFAULT Column Layout and Named it DEF-REV-AV and linked it to the REVENUE Analysis View Step 3 - Setup of the Financial Statement default configuration for REVENUE to use the modified Row Definition of REVENUE and assign DEF-RAV-AV as the Column Definition. (NOTE: I ran the Financial Statement with 01/01/2023..01/31/2023 in my demo company because that is when my demo data had a lot of G/L Entries. You may have to modify the monthly Date Range if you create a new clean CRONUS USA tenant as the dates may be different for G/L Entries) Demonstration of issue - From the Overview Page How it should work - like it does when Totaling Type = Posting Accounts Step 4 - Drill down on the Amount derived from the Posting Account Line above (35,529.70) NOTE BELOW: The drill down filters to specific rows and accounts Step 5 - Escape back to the Financial Statement Overview - scroll down to the Line suing the Totaling Type of Account Category in Financial Statement Row Definition for REVENUE as modified above - See the highlighted Yellow line below for the total based on Account Category Drill down in the Amount of 35,529.70 as highlighted above NOTE: There is wrong drill-down filtering and the system doesn't respect the Account Category filtering. This makes Account Category Row Definition very difficult to use and analyze data.
Description:
When a Financial Statement is generated with a Row Definition that includes Lines using Account Categories and linked to Analysis Views, the drill-down from the Overview does not reflect a correctly filtered list of Accounts. Only Row Definitions using Totaling Type of Posting Accounts Drill-down reflects correctly.
