Title: [master] [All-e]Inconsistency error when posting purchase invoice with non-deductible VAT - Prices Including VAT
Repro Steps:
Recreation steps 1 - Background setups to complete first 1. I change DOMESTIC Vendor 20000 to TICK Prices Including VAT 2. In VAT Setup I ensure Non-Deductible VAT. 3. Create a VAT Prod Posting Group called NON-DEDUCT. 4. In Chart of Accounts, I choose G/L Account 31440 as my example and change its Gen Prod Posting Group to MISC then its VAT Prod Posting Group to be NON-DEDUCT 5. In VAT Posting Setup I create the combination for DOMESTIC/NON-DEDUCT. Recreation steps 2 - Now the background setup is in place, I create an example1. Purchase Invoices2. Create New3. Choose my example Vendor - 20000, which defaults to Prices Including VAT4. Note the Purchase Invoice No - 107216 5. Choose Vendor Invoice No - Test - 107216 6. In Lines, choose Type = G/L Account then No = 31440, to use the G/L Account I've set up above to use Non-Deductible VAT7. Choose Quantity = 1 and Direct Unit Cost Incl VAT of 14.19 Preview Post Check VAT Entries: When you try to Post, it throws a CONSISTENT error: Expected Outcome: These values of the Base and Amount should both be 0.00 (ZERO) as the Non-Deductible VAT is 100% and it shouldn't throw error upon posting.Actual Outcome:The system is incorrectly calculating Base as -0.01 and Amount as 0.01 in VAT Entries preview. It also throws inconsistent error on posting the document.
Description:
• The system is incorrectly calculating Base as -0.01 and Amount as 0.01 in VAT Entries preview• These values should both be 0.00 (ZERO) as the Non Deductible VAT is 100%• This problem seems specific to particular Amounts which round unusually. Also we believe it arises from using Prices Including VAT and the system having to work out the Base (Net) Amount from that• Please note we tried unticking Prices Including VAT on the Purchase Invoice which fixed the VAT Entries preview, but then the VAT Amount seemed to post 0.01 different. In either case, the system should handle the rounding without this issue.
