Title: [master] [ALL-E] Unable to Post Purchase Invoice with Item Charge when the receipt lines are assigned to a location that has Dimension of Code Mandatory.
Repro Steps:
Create Location A. Go to It's Dimensions and add Department Code with no value. Value Posting : Code Mandatory. Allowed Values Filter: ADM. Ensure that the Admin is assigned to the warehouse employees. Go to the Inventory Posting Setup and use Suggest Accounts. Create Location B and repeat the same above steps except for step B. Allowed Value Filters : ADM Create an Item. Inventory Posting Group set to RESALE. Create a Purchase Order. 1st Line with the item. Location A. Department Code ADM. Unit Cost 100. 2nd Line with the item. Location B Department Code PROD. Unit Cost 100. Post - Receive Only. Once Done, Open a Purchase Invoice. Use Get Receipt Lines. Choose Both Lines. add Charge Item Line and proceed to assign it. Click Charge Item Assignment. By Amount. Post the Invoice the following error appears. Error " Select a Dimension Value Code for the Dimension Code DEPARTMENT for Location A." Expected Results: The system should take the dimensions (Departments) from the lines to which the item charge is assigned and thus add them to the entries that are created by posting the item charge.It should therefore behave similarly to the way it works in the following scenario: Create a purchase invoice. Add Charge Item and proceed to assign it. Get Receipt Lines. Assign them by Amount. Try to Post. It gets posted.
Description:

