Title: [master] [ALL-E] Wrong Discount is pulled for the Customer on the Sales Order after the Discount group assigned to it  has been deleted
Repro Steps:
Discount is still Specified for the Customer on the Sales Order even after the Discount group assigned to it has been deleted. Issue was reproduced in Version: DE Business Central 26.3 (Platform 26.0.37042.0 + Application 26.3.36158.37050)Repro 1. Enable the New Sales Price Experience2. I have originally created three Discount Groups3. I specified the Last Discount Group on the Customer Card 10000 4. I have created two new Sales Prices lists and assigned to Discount groups Excluding the last Discount Group (Test3)5. You can view this on the Item Card 6. The Sales Price List Expended 7. Delete the Discount Group Test 3 8. This would remain on the Customer after Card after it has been deleted. 9. Create a Sales Order for the Customer 10000, choose Athens Desk.Expected Outcome:No Discount should be found and the Sales Order may not be allowed to be created, or the system should create an error message to Notify, that Customer Discount Group = TEST3 isn’t valid any more For Example, if we create a new Customer, Specify a Shipping Agent on the Customer Card and then delete that Shipping Agent when we create a Sales Order, we get a Warning that “The field Shipping Agent Code of table Sales Header contains a value GIG that cannot be found in the related table (Shipping Agent)”. ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONCustomer proposes that “ I’ll think, if we got the same „Error Handling“ for „Customer Price Group“ and „Customer Discount Group“ as for „Agent“, we don’t have this problem I suspect the same behavior for „Customer Price Group“ and „Customer Discount Group“Actual Outcome:You would see that a Discount is assigned whereby no discount is specified for this Customer. This is wrong Because „Customer Discount Group“= TEST3 isn’t valid anymore, the SalesLine shouldn’t find a discount value. But the SalesLine used the „Best“ discount value für „Assign-to Type“ = Customer Disc.Group“, in my Test = 35% from Customer Discount Group = 2. suspicion was, that BC choose the first Line
Description:

