Title: [ALL-E] Calculate Regenerative Planning in the Planning Worksheet looks to Item Card's Flushing method instead of the SKU card to determine which bin within Planning Component Table.  
Repro Steps:
Go to Locations, and review WHITE Location, and note what the OPEN SHOP FLOOR and TO-PROD. BIN CODE fields are set to. Have COMPONENT item with LOT-for-LOT with MANUAL Flushing Method setup. This is a Purchased Item. From that item, Create an SKU for COMPONENT ITEM at WHITE location. Go to the SKU Card and this will also be Lot-for-Lot, and purchased. But change the 'Flushing' = FORWARD. Have PRODUCED item with LOT-for-LOT with manual Flushing method. From that Item, create an SKU for the PRODUCED item at WHITE Location. And you can keep this as is. Back on the PRODUCED item, go to PRODUCTION BOM NO. and create a new one which consumes 1 qty of COMPONENT item. Be sure to set the BOM as Certified. And it is assigned to the PRODUCED Item Card. Create a Sales Order for Customer 50000 for 1 qty at WHITE Location of the PRODUCED Item....Shipment Date 12/20/23 mm/dd/yy Go to Planning Worksheet and run Calculate Regenerative Plan for Item PRODUCED for WHITE Location from 12/01/23 to 12/31/23 mm/dd/yy The planning Line for 1 qty should be created. Go to Line > Components and do a Page Inspection CNTR+ALT+F1 Notice the Flushing Method = FORWARD, so here it picked it up from SKU, BUT.... But then review the BINEXPECTED RESULTS: Being that the SKU is Forward Flushing, it should pull OPENSHOP FLOOR bin.ACTUAL RESULTS: It pulls in the 'TO-PROD. BIN CODE' from the Location Card, as it seems to be verifying the Manual Flushing on the Item Card. IF we Carry Out action message, and create Firm Planned Prod. Order, as it will create with TO-PROD. BIN CODE, and if we refresh the Prod. Order, it'll create with Component at OPEN SHOP FLOOR BIN. IF we have Forward Flushing on Item Card, it would then create Planning Component Line record with OPEN SHOP FLOOR bin.
Description:
Calculate Regenerative Planning in the Planning Worksheet looks to Item Card's Flushing method instead of the SKU card to determine which bin within Planning Component Table. Planning will create Planning Component Record with the Bin Code = "To-Production Bin Code" instead of the 'Open Shop Floor Bin' when the SKU of the Component Item is set to FORWARD Flushing, however the main Item Card is set to Manual flushed. Hence when the Firm Planned Prod. Order is created via 'Carry out Action Message', the Prod. Order is pointing to wrong bin for component line. IF you refresh the Production Order, the OPEN SHOP FLOOR bin is then updated correctly.
