Title: [master] [ALL-E] Quantity to handle not filled in the Pick Worksheet when the item was reserved in the related Sales order for Items with Item Tracking Lines
Repro Steps:
Tested in BC 23.4 W1 On-prem using White Location. Location setup Create a new Item with Item Tracking Card: LOTALLEXP Zone/Bin Setup/Bin Types: Open the Warehouse Item Journal and add the Item 70066 Quantity: 1500 Item Tracking Lines for the Item Register the Item in Warehouse Item Journal. Open the Item journal -> Calculate Warehouse Adjustment -> post Create a Sales order for the Item. Reserve each sales line (before adding the Item tracking). Click the "Reserve from Current Line" Repeat the process for the remaining Sales Lines. Assign Item Tracking Lines to each of the sales lines. Repeat the process for the remaining Sales Lines -> select the LOT according to the Quantity Create a warehouse shipment and release the document. Go to Pick Worksheet page and click "Get Warehouse Document" and select the shipment. ACTUAL RESULT:Not for all lines is the Qty. to Handle filled So, once you click on "create pick" on the Pick worksheets pageThe pick is just created for the first 2 lines Here the system now calculates the remaining 3 lines on the Pick worksheet page and you can create the pick for the shipment. But if we click the "Create Pick" directly from the warehouse shipment, it works fine as shown below: EXPECTED RESULT:The above screenshots should be the expected behavior When you create the pick from the Pick Worksheet.
Description:

