Title: [ALL-E] Multiple expiration dates, since you can post the same Lot with different expiration dates in the item journal.
Repro Steps:
Setup 1-item tracking code 2- create new item card with this setup 3- item journal template Scenario 1- Create positive adjustment and insert Lot No. and expiration date manually 2- Create another positive adjustment for the same item and insert the same lot but without insert an expiration date. 3- There is the result of the two positive adjustments 4-return back to the item tracking code card and enable “Use Expiration Dates” toggle 5-Try to create a positive adjustment for the same Lot No. and post it. 6-It will not post and give this error. In addition, all the transactions will be blocked for this Lot No. . The actual result: the system allows the user to add an expiration date in the journal lines directly when the "Use Expiration Dates" toggle is disabled causing this error if the toggle got enabled later. The expected result: the system shouldn't allow the users to add expiration date directly in the journal lines when "Use Expiration Dates" toggle is being disabled.
Description:
Business Focused Problem Description Describe in non-technical terms the issue – what the customer is trying to do (business process) The customer has a lot being blocked from all transactions due to multiple expiration dates registered for this lot. What is the business impact to the customer? How does the problem impact their business? They can’t operate this lot. How frequently does this issue occur (times daily/times weekly/times monthly)? daily Is there a workaround? No Is the customer applying the workaround? No How many users are affected by this issue?All Users Actual Result:the system allows the user to add an expiration date in the journal lines directly when the "Use Expiration Dates" toggle is disabled causing this error if the toggle got enabled later. Expected Result the system shouldn't allow the users to add expiration date directly in the journal lines when "Use Expiration Dates" toggle is being disabled. Technical Details / Investigation done / anything you need to add? No Workarounds possible? / Related solutions or Bugs found? No
