Title: [ALL-E] Assemble-to-order Line is not removed when Qty. to Assemble to Order value removed after partial shipment of the order line
Repro Steps:
Please see my repro step in standard env AU 23.5: 1. an Assembly BOM item set to Assemble to Order 2. Create a Sales Order, add Item 1010, Fill in Qty=2, Qty to Assemble to Order=2, change the Qty. to Ship=1, then post the ship. 3. Check the Table Information, we can see the Posted Assemble-to-Order Link and Assemble-to-Order Link. After we posted the ship, there is one Posted Assemble-to-Order Link and one Assemble-to-Order Link. (please ignore the first line A00005, it was another order) 4.Here is the information of Assembly Header and Assembly Line. (we mainly need to see the No. A00006)There are one Assembly Header and two Assembly Lines. 5.Remove the Qty. to Ship and Qty. to Assemble to Order in SO. 6.Check the Table Information again.There is No Assembly Header and Assembly Lines for A00006. However, there still exists one Assemble-to-Order Link. cx's concerns is if there is a Posted Assemble Order to Link record for the posted shipment and then the Qty to Assemble is removed on the Sales Order so the Assembly Order no longer exists, why would the Assembly Order still need to be linked to the Sales Order.
Description:
similar bug: Bug 222565: Implement TFS 379522: Assemble-to-Order link record not deleted when you change qty. to assemble to order to 0 in sales order li... - Boards (visualstudio.com) the difference is our cx has one more step: partially posted the ship
