Title: [master] [ALL-E] Service Invoice rounds up 1 cent/penny above contract price
Repro Steps:
Go to My Settings, and set Work Date 04/02/24 (MM/DD/YY) April 2nd. Go to Service Contract Template and choose the Prepaid Template TEMP0003 and change: Price Update Period = 1YInvoice Period = YEAR Go to Service Items and create a new Service Item for Customer = 50000, Default Contract Value = $8200, Installation Date = 04/02/24 (mm/dd/yy). Service Contract>>New>>Contract No>>Select the above-mentioned template. Choose Customer = 50000 General tab >>Starting Date: 4/2/2024 Details tab>>Expiration Date: 4/1/2025 In the Lines, choose your Service Item you had created. Should pull in for $8200 with starting date 04/02/24 and Expiration Date 05/01/25. In "My Settings" Set the Work Date to 05/01/24. Lock Contract > Sign Contract and say Yes to sign contract but Say NO to create the Invoice from 04/02 to 04/30. Now Create Service Invoice and say YES to create the Invoice from 04/02 to 04/30. In the Invoice Details, go to the 'No. of Unposted Invoices' and drill into the 1. Go into the Statistics of the Service InvoiceEXPECTED RESULTS: 'Amount Excl. VAT' = 8,200.00ACTUAL RESULTS: 'Amount Excl. VAT' = 8,200.01 If you were to post the Service Invoice and then from the Posted Service Invoice, print that, you would see the same issue:
Description:
Service Invoice rounds up 1 cent/penny above contract price. Derived from Support Case Review https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/533682
