Title: Check Transmitted causes a second approval in the Journal lines when it should not. Why Check Transmitted is still active for non-US customers?
Repro Steps:
1. Take a BC 22.X GB environment 2. Setup a couple of users 3. Go to Approval user Setup and add both, one approver of the other one 4. Go to Workflows and enable the "General Journal Line Approval Workflow" using Direct Approver 5. Go to Vendor 20000, Vendor Bank Accounts, and for ECA Vendor Bank Account, add SWIFT Code and IBAN (any for testing) 6. Go to Bank Accounts and select CHECKINGS for example. Do the same: Fill SWIFT Code and IBAN if not data already. -Payment Export Format: SEPACT 7. Go to Payment Journal and enter a new line manually as follows: - Posting Date: Today - Document Type: Payment - Document No.: Any - External Doc. No: Same as Doc No. - Account Type: Vendor - Account No. 20000 - Recipient Bank Account: ECA - Currency Code: EUR - Payment Method Code: BANK - Balance Account Type: Bank Account - Bal. Account No. = CHECKING - Bank Payment Type = Electronic Payment Click on Apply Entries and select any of the invoices for this Vendor, and "Set Applies-to ID". Click ok and the amount goes to the line. In my case: 1.626,24 8. Send the General Journal Batch for approval. 9. I log in as CASSIE and approve the request to approve. 10. If you try to post the line, you get an error message saying that "Exported File must be equal to Yes". 9. Then click on the ribbon to Bank --> Export to export the xml file. 10. Now try to post and you get the following error message: "Check Transmitted must be equal to Yes" 11. You try to click on the ribbon to Bank --> Transmit Click the operation has been transmitted. 12. As this modifies the line again, if you try to Post, AGAIN you get the approval restriction: =================== ACTUAL RESULTS =================== Check Transmitted causes a second approval in the Journal lines when it should not. Why Check Transmitted is still active for non-US customers? =================== EXPECTED RESULTS =================== Check transmitted check should be removed from non-US localizations. I tested in the ES version and there is does not happen and the code is not there to validate Check Transmitted. Why in the GB still? GB: ES: Should we not remove this check, too? If not for any reason, why the user needs to approve 2 times for something that they do not really use in their country? :-S
Description:
Pull request 163171: [master] Suppress Check Transmitted test in Payment Journal Approval for non-NA layers - Repos (visualstudio.com) Pull request 163172: [23.x] Suppress Check Transmitted test in Payment Journal Approval for non-NA layers - Repos (visualstudio.com)
