Title: [master] [ALL-E] [ESCALATED]  When creating a Service Invoice from a Prepaid Service Contract, the values are wrong only when the Contract has ‘Contract Lines on Invoice’ = FALSE
Repro Steps:
Work Date 01/15/24 Create new Service Item with the following:Customer = 40000Default Contract Value = $1,200Installation Date = 01/15/24 Go to Service Contracts, and Create new Service ContractSay yes to use Template, and you can use a Prepaid Contract template...just go into the Contract Template and change the Invoice Period to YEAR. Go down on Contract and set 'Expiration Date' = 01/14/25 On the Contract Service Lines, choose your Service Item you created previously. Line Value should be $1,200. In the Invoice Details, click in the Annual Amount and be sure that is $1,200. Set the 'Contract Lines on Invoice' = FALSE (This is the difference in results) Go to Process > Sign Contract.... say YES to sign contract but say NO to create partial month invoice. Update Work Date = 02/01/2024. On Service Contract, go to Process > 'Create Service Invoice'. Says yes to create invoice and yes to create partial month invoice. Now go to the 'Invoice Details' tab, and drill into the 'No. of Unposted Invoices' and view the Service InvoiceEXPECTED RESULTS = Partial amount 54.84 for January, then 11 lines of $100 then partial amount for next January 45.16... which all totals $1,200. This is results IF you have 'Contract Lines on Invoice' = TRUE.ACTUAL RESULTS = Values are wrong, the are $54.84 then 11 lines of 91.66/67 and 1 line of 45.16. These do Not total $1,200.The 'Contract Lines on Invoice' is impacting this, but it should not. This should just be for what is shown on the invoice, and it should not have impact on calculations.
Description:
When creating a Service Invoice from a Prepaid Service Contract, the values are wrong only when the Contract has ‘Contract Lines on Invoice’ = FALSE. If the Contract has ‘Contract Lines on Invoice’ = TRUE, then values are correct from Service Invoice.
