Title: [master] [all-e]Print Checks followed by a Reprint Checks using the "One check per vendor per doc number" combines Invoices into a single check without one check per Document No. being respected
Repro Steps:
The Partner is reporting an issue presented by their client related to the printing of checks. The concern is regarding printing followed by having to complete a Reprint of the checks on a Payment Journals. The Partner provided the steps below to confirm the concern and the issue they have: Step 1: Post 2 Purchase Invoices for Vendor 30000 and Vendor 40000 for different Amounts on each Invoice. Step 2: Go to payment journals-Suggest Vendor Payments and set New Document Per line. The process creates four lines, first two lines have different Document No. and same vendor. The client then changes the last line to have the same Document No. for the same Vendor. See below Step 3: Proceed with printing checks, and on the printing check you toggle on the "One Check per Vendor per Document No." RESULTS: After printing you will see that it prints checks separately for each Document No. as expected. The client expects for the last two lines who have the same Document No. they will have one printed check. Step 4: Click Check > Print Check again. With the Reprint Selected after initial Printing of checks, the client will see that the invoices are combined on one check. This only happens when Reprint check is equal to Yes. If not, the renumbering does not happen. The issue is why when reprint is done, the invoices are combined and create one check instead of creating two different checks. The original check run had two different checks for Vendor 20000 and should still have two different checks.
Description:
The Payment Journal contains Individual Lines for the same Vendor after using the Suggest Vendor Payment with the Summarized Per Vendor being selected. The client may have a Vendor that requires separate checks to be printed per Posted Invoice for the better matching of Payment to Invoice reconciliation. The client utilizes a separate Document No. on the Payment Journal Lines to control the grouping of Invoices for each check print run. Print check is used with the "One check per vendor per doc number" to control which Invoices are paid on each check. Findings: The Initial check print works as it should. The expected grouping of Invoices occurs. However, if the Print checks is completed with the Reprint Boolean selected, the Reprint doesn't take the Document No. into account. Instead, the Reprint automatically combines all Invoices for each Vendor into a single check and does not seem to account for the One Check Per Vendor Per Document selection to print separate checks for a Vendor that requires different checks for each Invoice posted and paid consistent with the original print run.
