Title: [master] [all-e]Wrong cost is posted in Value Entries for the item charge when using non-deductible VAT - Prices Including VAT - Follow up 563908
Repro Steps:
Wrong cost is posted in Value Entries for the item charge when using non-deductible VAT - Prices Including VAT Issue was reproduced in version Version: W1 25.5 (Platform 25.2.32207.0 + Application 25.5.30849.32334) If the type "charge (items)" is used when posting the lines of the purchase invoice with a combination of VAT posting groups with non-deductible VAT set (Allow Non-Deductible VAT = Allow, Non-Deductible VAT % <>0) and when the prices including VAT field is activated on the document, the amount of the items charge is added to the items at the original value, not increased by the non-deductible VAT. It seems that the UpdateItemChargeAssgnt function in the PurchaseLine table also needs to be addressed This behavior was observed in BC25.5. Below are steps how to simulate the behavior: 1. Enable the Non-Deductible VAT featureOpen the VAT Setup page and setup this: Enable Non-Deductible VAT = YES Use For Item Cost = Yes 2. Create new VAT Product Posting Group for Non-Deductible VATOpen the page VAT Product Posting Groups and create new one with code = VAT25NDClick on Setup link a create VAT Posting Setup for DOMESTIC VAT bus. posting groupOpen the page VAT Posting Setup Card and and setup this: Allow Non-Deductible VAT = Allow Non-Deductible VAT % = 90 VAT Calculation Type = Normal VAT VAT% = 25 VAT Identifier =VAT25 Purchase VAT Account = any 3. Create a new purchase orderIn the order header: select the vendor with the Domestic VAT Bus. Posting Group enable the field Prices including VATInsert lines exactly as shown here: 1st line: Type = Item No. = any Quantity = 1 VAT Prod. Posting Group = VAT25ND Direct Unit Cost Excl. VAT = 125 2nd line: Type = Charge (Item) No. = any Quantity = 1 VAT Prod. Posting Group = VAT25ND Direct Unit Cost Excl. VAT = 125 4. Assign item chargeOn the second line in the order click on the link Item Charge assignmentThe Item Charge Assignment page open. Click on the link Suggest Item Charge Assignment 5. Post the purchase order 6. Check the value entry posted ACTUAL RESULT Open the posted purchase invoice a click the Find entries link and open Value Entry, For entry with Item Charge check the Cost Amount. The amount is 100,00. That's wrong. EXPECTED RESULT The correct amount is 122.50. That is, plus the non-deductible VAT
Description:
Wrong cost is posted in Value Entries for the item charge when using non-deductible VAT - Prices Including VAT
