Title: [ALL-E] Wrong amounts in LCY when importing a bank statement into the general journal lines.
Repro Steps:
Process Scenario: Setup needed: NOTE: You can import a file that is attached which has the full setup for the Data exchange definition and the fields mapping. Open DK Company. Search for Data exchange definition. Import the file attached for data exchange definitions. A New definition will be created with the following details: Click Fields mapping. Following details should appear. Now, Search for Bank Export/Import Setup. Create the following highlighted Line. Go to Chart of accounts and choose any account with direct posting enabled and override it's ID to 2340. Search for customer card. Access Customer 10000. Change the currency code to USD. Go to the General Journals. Access the Batch Name. Click Edit List. Adjust the batch name details as follows: Use Personalize to add Import bank statements in the actions menu. Once done, Click Bank -> Import Bank Statement and then import the file attached for the bank statement. Once the file is imported you will be able to see the following lines. The amounts imported are different than the correct amounts. The expected correct amounts are highlighted below and should reflect for all lines. Actual Result The expected correct amounts are highlighted below and should reflect for all lines. Expected result All lines should have the same amount. Technical Details / Investigation done / anything you need to add? Reproduced in 23.2 and 23.5. Specifically the General Journal Line field Currency Code validate code: if "Currency Code" <> '' then begin CheckCurrencyForEmployee( ("Bal. Account Type" = "Bal. Account Type"::Employee) or ("Account Type" = "Account Type"::Employee)); GetCurrency(); if ("Currency Code" <> xRec."Currency Code") or ("Posting Date" <> xRec."Posting Date") or (CurrFieldNo = FieldNo("Currency Code")) or ("Currency Factor" = 0) then begin OnValidateCurrencyCodeOnBeforeUpdateCurrencyFactor(Rec, CurrExchRate); "Currency Factor" := CurrExchRate.ExchangeRate("Posting Date", "Currency Code"); end; end else "Currency Factor" := 0; Validate("Currency Factor"); With this code, if the Currency Factor is already set to the Gen. Journal Line, then it will never update the factor again. This is because the validate is called via Data Exchange Framework, where the xRec values are always the same as Rec values. Workarounds possible? / Related solutions or Bugs found? Customer has customized a solution on their own.
Description:
Business Focused Problem Description Describe in non-technical terms the issue – what is the customer trying to do Currency Factor is not updated correctly when importing via bank statement in the general journal lines What is the business impact to the customer?How does the problem impact their business? Currency Factor is not updated correctly when importing via bank statement in the general journal lines How frequently does this issue occur? Always Is there a workaround? No Is the customer applying the workaround? N/A How many users are affected by this issue?All
