Title: [master] [ALL-E] Empty Bin Code in Warehouse Movement Lines with Directed Put-away and Pick and FEFO
Repro Steps:
Steps to reproduce: Version: W1 Business Central 23.4 Setup Warehouse Employee setup. 1. Create an Item of type Inventory with Item Tracking Code where Lot Specific Tracking, Lot Warehouse Tracking and Use Expiration Dates are activated. 2. Set up a Location with Directed Put-away and Pick and Pick According to FEFO activated. 3. Select two Bins with Bin Type which has Put Away and Pick options activated, one Bin with lower and the other one with higher Bin Ranking. Setup Bin Content for the two Bins and the Item created, where Fixed field is confirmed, and Min. Qty. and Max. Qty. are specified. Add quantities to Bins 4. Add quantities of the Item to the selected Bins through a Warehouse Item Journal (or any other way), with two different lots, where the lot with a shorter expiration is placed on the higher ranked Bin and the lot with the longer expiration is placed on the lower ranked Bin. The quantity on the lower ranked bin with the lot with the longer expiration date should be sufficient to make sure that the replenishment of the higher ranked Bin can be performed using that quantity. Register the Warehouse Item Journal. Next step is to Calculate Warehouse Adjustment on the Item journal and post the journal. Pick some quantity of the first-expired lot, but leave some: 5. Create a Sales Order with a line containing the Item and Location that have been set up and enter quantity on the line such to make sure that the quantity on the higher ranked bin is reduced below Min. Qty. but greater than 0. Create the Warehouse Shipment and Warehouse Pick for the Sales Order. Register the Warehouse Pick so that the picked quantity is moved to a shipment Bin. Register the Warehouse Pick Replenish the Bin 6. Calculate Bin Replenishment on the Movement Worksheet for the Item and Location that have been set up. The system will create a line suggesting the replenishment of the higher ranked bin. 7. Run the Create Movement action from the Movement Worksheet. 8. Open the Warehouse Movement that has been created. Make sure that the Bin Code, Lot No. and Expiration Date fields are displayed.You will notice that one of the Take lines on the Warehouse Movement has an empty Bin Code and the shorter expiration Lot No. The system should not have suggested for this lot to be used on the take line at all, as it is only placed on Bins that cannot be used for the replenishment of the higher ranked Bin.
Description:

