Title: [master] [ALL-E] Discrepancies with Main Attachment and Supporting attachments in documents and Journals.
Repro Steps:
Record two incoming documents manually (DOCA and DOCB) Insert general journal lines (DOCA and DOCB) In the „Incoming Document Entry field” select the appropriate records. Upload main incoming document attachment for DOCA (and Incoming document entry 8) Try upload main incoming document attachment for DOCB (and Incoming document entry 9) Upload main attachment action is inactive. The other action doesn't work for me because I can't upload a main attachment with it. 6. If they upload supporting attachment for DOCB instead, and go to the Incoming Document created, it is shown as Main attachment, not as Supporting Attachment. =================ACTUAL RESULTS ================= Discrepancies with Main Attachment and Supporting attachments in documents and Journals. ================= EXPECTED RESULTS ================= Main attachment for both lines is not possible, just one. OK.But why for the second line where we ONLY attached Supporting Attachments we see it was logged in the Incoming Document as Main Attachment?
Description:
Partner is complaining about Main Attachment and Supporting Attachments. We explained that MAIN Attachment you can just have 1 for the whole document/journal. Supporting you can have multiple: Use drag and drop on file upload dialog to attach multiple files | Microsoft Learn But they complain that the Incoming Document created for the line with ONLY Supporting Attachments gets the first as Main Attachment in the incoming Document page. Is this By Design? or a bug in the process? EXAMPLE:the 3 following attachments were attached as Supporting Attachments, but shown as follows in the Incoming Document page: Why export (2).xlsx is shown as Main Attachment if that's only a supporting attachment coming from the 2nd line of the journal/document? Thanks for the explanation/clarification or confirmation if that's a bug.
