Title: [ALL-E] Serial Tracked component on Assembly Order where full Quantity to Assemble is Picked and partial quantity is posted does not relieve the proper serial number from Inventory or Warehouse. 
Repro Steps:
Search for and open the Item Tracking Codes page. Ensure that you have a record for serial tracking which has the SN Specific Tracking field marked in the Serial No. FastTab in the Item Tracking Code Card page. My Code is SNALL. Close out of the Item Tracking Code Card and Item Tracking Codes pages. Search for and open the Locations page. Ensure that you have a location with the following field settings in the Warehouse FastTab. My Code is AA: Require Pick: marked Bin Mandatory: marked Default Bin Selection: Fixed Bin Asm. Consump. Whse. Handling: Warehouse Pick (optional) Click Bins and add the following five Bin Codes in the Bins page: AROOM, BROOM, CROOM, INV RACK, PROD IN. Close the Bins page. In the Bins FastTab of the Location Card page, set the following: To-Assembly Bin Code: PROD IN From-Assembly Bin Code: INV RACK Close out of the Location Card and Locations pages. Ensure that you set up a Warehouse Employee record for the AA location and add Inventory Posting Setup records for the Invt. Posting Group Code records which may be used. (The Inventory Posting Setup can be done later, when prompted.) Ensure that you have two serial-tracked items that use the Item Tracking Code from #1 above. Mine are Item No. 80103-T and 70340. Ensure that you have one item with the type of Non-Inventory. Mine is 10080. Create a new Assembly BOM for item 70340 with these components in this order. To reproduce the issue, the serial-tracked item must NOT be the first item in the Assembly BOM or Assembly Order: Type: Item; No.: 10080; Quantity per: 1 Type: Item; No.: 80103-T; Quantity per: 1 Enter and post (both the receipt and invoice for) a Purchase Order for any Vendor and with the date of 1/1/24 and the quantity of 10 of item 80103-T. Ensure that the Location is AA and the Bin is CROOM. Enter these Serial No. values in this order: ZZ00008 ZZ00007 ZZ00006 ZZ00005 ZY00009 ZY00008 ZY00007 ZY00006 ZY00005 ZX00009 Enter and post (both the receipt and invoice for) a Purchase Order for any Vendor and with the date of 2/1/24 and the quantity of 5 of item 80103-T. Ensure that the Location is AA and the Bin is CROOM. Enter these Serial No. values in this order: ZX00008 ZX00007 ZX00006 ZX00005 ZW00009 Enter a new Assembly Order for item 70340. The Location Code should be AA and the Quantity = 3. Click Warehouse – Create Warehouse Pick. In the Whse.-Source – Create Document dialog, click OK to create the Pick. Note the number and click OK to close the prompt. Navigate to the newly created Warehouse Pick. Select these three Serial Numbers, in this order: ZX00005 ZY00005 ZZ00005 Click Process – Register Pick. Click Yes on the following prompt: Do you want to register the Pick Document? Navigate back to the Assembly Order from step #13. Change the Quantity to Assemble from 3 to 1. Click on the line for No. 80103-T so that it is highlighted. Then click Line – Item Tracking Lines. In the Item Tracking Lines page, set the Qty. to Handle (Base) field from 1 to 0 on the first (ZX00005) and last (ZZ00005) serial lines. Only the line for ZY00005 should still have a value of 1 in the Qty. to Handle (Base) field. Click the Close button to exit the Item Tracking Lines page. Click Order – Item Tracking Lines. This opens the Item Tracking Lines page for the assembled item. Fill in the following fields: Serial No.: ZY05 Quantity (Base): 1 Click the Close button to exit the Item Tracking Lines page. Click Posting – Preview Posting. Drill down on the value of 3 in the Item Ledger Entry line to the Item Ledger Entries Preview page. Note the serial number for item 80103-T which will be used in this posting. Expected Results: The Serial No. to be used for item 80103-T should be ZY00005 (based upon the changes made in step #20). Actual Results: The Serial No. that is displayed and which will be consumed if the assembly is posted is ZX00005. The first serial that was picked in the Warehouse Pick document appears to be the one which is used if only one of the three assembled items is posted. The quantities in the Item Tracking Lines page/Tracking Specification table(336) are not honored.
Description:

