Title: [master] [ALL-E] Rounding issue leading to "Inconsistency" error when trying to post with different currency and automatic accounting in Swedish localisation
Repro Steps:
Issue was reproduced in Swedish localization version 26.0 To reproduce the issue, follow the steps below: Go to currencies pageSearch "Euro"Starting date = 4/10/2025Exch. Rate Amt and Adj. Exch. Rate Amt = 1.0Relational Exch. Rate Amt and Relational Adj. Exch. Rate Amt = 10.97223Fix Exch. Rate Amt. = Currency Go to "Automatic Account Groups" pageCreate a new oneNo. and Name = Test01Line 1: Allocation % = 50, G/L Account No. = 1110, Avdelning Kod = ADM, Kundgrupp Kod = MediumLine 2: Allocation % = 50, G/L Account No. = 1115, Avdelning Kod = PROD, Kundgrupp Kod = MediumLine 3: Allocation % = -100, G/L Account No. = 1116 (You must have a total balance = 0) Go to General JournalsLine 1: Posting & VAT date = 4/10/2025, Doc. No. = G00001, Acc. Type = G/L Account, Acc. No. = 1215, Currency = EUR, Amount = 480, Automatic Account Group = Test01Line 1: Posting & VAT date = 4/10/2025, Doc. No. = G00001, Acc. Type = G/L Account, Acc. No. = 1216, Currency = EUR, Amount = -480 (To balance the account).Preview posting.NoteThe Amount (LCY) = 5266.67Due to the setting that the allocation is 50% for each line in the automatic account groups, the system will try to divide the Amount by 2, which will result in 2633.335, the system rounds up correctly to 2633.34, but the summation of this results (2633.34) will give a different amount LCY (5266.68) compared to the original amount which the EUR currency is converted to.Preview posting is allowed.Try to post the document now, an error is generated that "The transaction cannot be completed because it will cause inconsistencies in the G/L Entry table........" Actual result: Posting cannot be done due to inconsistencies in the rounding. Expected Result: The system should allow an entry to carry the higher decimal so that the journal can be posted. More Information: If the operation above is carried out without foreign currency and the amount = 5266.67, the system allows posting with the same inconsistent value.
Description:
Rounding issue leading to "Inconsistency" error when trying to post with different currency and automatic accounting in Swedish localisation
