Title: MVP:  Block item for production - change status (original: Block Item for Production - Issue creating Prod. Order from Sales Order)
Repro Steps:
Create new firm planned production order for some item (SP-SCM1009 in TIE): Source Type = Item, Source No = SP-SCM1009, Qty = 2 (any), choose Refresh production order action to create lines. Navigate to item SP-SCM1009 and set "Production Blocked = Output" Return to production order and change status. Result = Success. Expected: error notifying that Production Blocked is set to Output You cannot change the status for firm planned production order XXXX because it contains the item SP-SCM1009 where the Production Blocked is Output on the Item card. Triage: this wasn't requested in original spec. So we need to fix it internally. ===== original repro ========= client id: 0416a4f4-ad48-4e54-bbcd-16cf46dea971 On Item SP-SCM1009 - set Production Blocked to Output Create Sales Order for Item SP-SCM1009 - Location MAIN - Quantity 5 Actions > Planned > Planning > Create Prod. Order --> I receive a message "There is nothing to plan." I would expect to receive more details as to why I cannot schedule this order (like this item is blocked for Production) If the item gets blocked after a Production Order has been created, I am able to change the status (from Firm Planned to Released). Should we be receiving an error that we cannot change the status?
Description:
Please observe that this bug is reported by our partners testing the Public Preview. The flow running is creating them with jeschulz profile.Area=Manufacturing 382546 - Block Item for Production Please refer below steps to reproduce / Repro Steps :-client id: 0416a4f4-ad48-4e54-bbcd-16cf46dea971 On Item SP-SCM1009 - set Production Blocked to Output Create Sales Order for Item SP-SCM1009 - Location MAIN - Quantity 5 Actions > Planned > Planning > Create Prod. Order --> I receive a message "There is nothing to plan." I would expect to receive more details as to why I cannot schedule this order (like this item is blocked for Production) If the item gets blocked after a Production Order has been created, I am able to change the status (from Firm Planned to Released). Should we be receiving an error that we cannot change the status?
