Title: [master] [ALL-E] When a Warranty Item that has a Service Item Group assigned to it with 'Create Service Item', and a Sales Order creates the Service Item, the Warranty is not correct.
Repro Steps:
Either use an Item that has no transactions, or create a new Item called Warranty. On the item card, set the 'Service Item Group' = DESKTOP, which should have 'Create Service Item' = TRUE already. Also set 'Item Tracking Code' = LOTALL and on the LOTALL Item tracking card, be sure to set 'Warranty Date Formula' = 2Y Work Date = 03/14/24 MM/DD/YY Create Item Journal with Date 3/14/24 MM/DD/YY for your Warranty Item, Positive Adjustment for 1 qty at BLUE Location. In the Lines > Item Tracking set LOT01 for 1 qty. Post the Item Journal and note the Item Ledger Entry has Warranty = 03/14/26 (Which is 2 year warranty). Now create Sales Order (03/14/24) for Customer 50000 for 1 qty of Warranty Item, BLUE Location, and in Item Tracking Lines, choose your LOT01. Post the Sales Shipment. Go to Service Item List now and review your Warranty Service Item just created.EXPECTED RESULTS: 'Warranty Starting Date (Parts)' = 03/14/24 'Warranty Ending Date (Parts)' = 03/14/26 'Warranty Starting Date (Labor)' = 03/14/24 'Warranty Ending Date (Labor)' = 03/14/25 (From Service Management Setup)ACTUAL RESULTS: 'Warranty Starting Date (Parts)' = 03/14/26 'Warranty Ending Date (Parts)' = 03/14/28 'Warranty Starting Date (Labor)' = 03/14/26 'Warranty Ending Date (Labor)' = 03/14/27
Description:
Wouldn't we want the Warranty Date for the Service Item to be based on the Sales Order Date or on which the Service Item was created? and not piggy backing on the Warranty Date of the ILE? But then, we have question of what warranty belongs to who, from the Vendor, that is 1 warranty, and then we have our own warranty for the customer, but we should still have Warranty Date for Customer on the Service Item starting from the Date we create the Service Item for it, not the starting from the date of the warranty date (2 years from now) of the ILE.
