Title: [master] [ALL-E] The Order No. field is blank and not carried over to the Posted Purchase Invoice if a Prepayment Invoice has been posted and the final Purchase Invoice is generated using the Get Receipt lines functionality
Repro Steps:
The Order No is not carried over to the Posted Purchase Invoice if a Prepayment Invoice has been posted and the final Invoice is posted using the Get Receipt lines functionality on the Purchase Invoice. This issue was reproduced in version: GB Business Central 25.3 (Platform 25.2.29617.0 + Application 25.3.28755.29759) 1. Ensure that the Purchase Prepayment Accounts are specified on the General Ledger Setup 2. Ensure that the Posting Numbers are specified on the Purchase and Receivables Setup. 3. Create a Purchase Order for Vendor 20000, Add Item Athens Desk, quantity of 10 on the PO Lines. 4. Navigate to the Prepayment Fasttab and specify 20% Prepayment 5. On the Header use Actions, Posting, Post Prepayment Invoice, THE PREPAYMENT INVOICE 6. Once you have confirmed that the Prepayment Invoice has been Posted, post and receive only the PO. 7. Once received, Navigate to Purchase Invoices, Create new Invoice for Vendor 20000, 8. Navigate to the Lines -> Functions -> Get Receipt Lines 9. then Post. ================Actual Result=======================Open the Posted Purchase Invoice and the Order Number is not carried across. ===============Expected Result=======================Order No is carried over when you post the Purchase Order in a straightforward way and No Prepayment process involved.If Prepayment is Involved and you Invoice the Purchase Order directly, Order No is also carried across, (Here the Get Receipt Lines Functionality is not used.)If Prepayment is not Involved and you use the Get Receipt lines functionality on another Invoice to invoice the lines, the Order No is also carried across.This example where when Prepayment Invoice has been posted and when using the Get Receipt lines functionality on the Purchase Invoice, Order No should be carried across too. Further clarification from Tom Blaisdell: We attempted to pushback and request an Idea be recorded to request this feature. I do not know that involving Prepayment Invoicing with Get Receipt Lines was considered in the Design. However, the Partner has pushed back on the issue. They do not want to raise an Idea and are expecting this to be corrected. The partner agrees with the analysis that if the Lines are different on the Purchase Invoice lines that the Order Number should not be carried across. However, they disagree that if the Receipt lines are from the same Order (One Order like in the example scenario above), they must be carried across to the Invoice, this is where he sees the problem. They cannot Invoice it directly because the end customer's process involves Purchase INvoice > Get Receipt Lines to be used on all invoicing. The issue is affecting their implementation, and it would require they build a customization which would cost the customer upwards 50000 dollars and might lead to abandoning the implementation. Further clarification of the Result below: You can see from my example below that the Order Number is not Linked to the Prepayment line when using the Get receipt line and this causes the issue. Direct Posting, Order Number is Linked to the Prepayment line Get Receipt Lines, Order Number is not Linked to the Prepayment
Description:
When using a Purchase Invoice in conjunction with the Action > Get Receipt Lines to post a final Posted Purchase Invoice, and where Prepayment Invoicing has also been completed, results in the Order No. not consistently carrying to the final Posted Purchase Invoice. This is impacting the client's ability to audit and trace their Posted Purchase Invoice processing for their Vendor. The client states that this is having a significant impact on their implementation and leading to challenges after Go Live on their new client system.
