Title: [master] [ALL-E] Item tracking error "Package No. must be equal to 'x' in item ledger entry: Entry No.=xxx. Current value is 'x'." when package tracking is enabled, and a job is used on a purchase order.
Repro Steps:
Activate the Package Tracking in the Feature Management page. Go to item tracking codes and create a new item tracking code with Lot Specific Tracking and Package Specific Tracking toggled on. Either go to an item with no history or create a new Item and assign this new Item Tracking Code with Package and Lot Tracking to it. Create a new Purchase Order, Vendor 50000 and enter your Item in the purchase line, BLUE Location, with 10 quantity. Make sure to personalize the page to add "Job No." and "Job Task No." fields. Choose any Job and a Job Task No. this is a Posting Task line type. Can use GUILFORD and 1120. On the Purchase Line, now go to Line > Item Tracking Lines and add the following 2 item tracking lines.LOT1, Package = P1 with 6 QuantityLOT1, Package = P2 with 4 Quantity Go back to Purchase Order and try to Post.EXPECTED RESULTS: Posts with no error.ACTUAL RESULTS: "Package No. must be equal to 'x' in item ledger entry: Entry No.=xxx. Current value is 'x'." NOTE - If you redo the steps and not have Job and Job task on the line, it works.... so the only occurs when you have Job on the line.
Description:
Derived from Support 'Case Review' = https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/502354 Note - This issue ONLY Occurs when Job is on Purchase Line.
