Title: [master] ESCALATED[ALL-E] When reviewing the Load of a Work Center Group, the Capacity and Allocated Qty. are not correct.
Repro Steps:
Create 2 new Work Centers. I have 3 Capacity for LOAD1 and 1 Capacity for LOAD2 with Units of Measure in Minutes. In the Work Center Group Code, create a new one called 3. Both of these Work Centers with have Work Center Group Code = 3. Both have Shop Calander Code = 1 which should be 480 (8 hours a day). Calculate Calendars for both Work Centers. Now if you go into each of those work centers, and go to Related > Work Ctr. > Load, you will see the load for the work center. This is correct. But if you go into the Work Center Group code and go to Related > Planning > Load, even though it is on Net Change....EXPECTED RESULTS: You would see correct Capacity which would be 1,920 minutes.ACTUAL RESULTS: It seems like it is a Running Balance.If you now revalidate below the Capacity Shown in = MINUTES, it changes, but this doesn't seem to be correct. The 'Allocated Qty.' field is wrong too. If you were to create a new Routing, with these 2 Work Centers on them and the 1st has 60 minutes run time and the 2nd has 30 minutes run time...and Certify the Routing. Then Create a new Released Prod. Order for any item, like 70000 for 1 Qty., BLUE Location. Fill in the Prod. Order Line with the item, 1 qty, BLUE Location, and add the Routing you just created. Refresh the Prod. Order and just have the 'Routing Lines' checked. Now go back to the Work Center Group, and to review how it is wrong.EXPECTED RESULTS: Should see 90 minutes of Allocated Qty.ACTUAL RESULTS: It is way off.
Description:
When reviewing the Load of a Work Center Group, the 'Capacity' and 'Allocated Qty.' are not correct. If we just review the Load for the Work Center, it is calculating correctly. Derived from Support Case Review: https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/525521
