Title: [master] [ALL-E] Order Promising Earliest Shipment Date is giving incorrect dates
Repro Steps:
Create a new item. Add Quantity of 100 in East and 50 in West. Create a transfer order. Transfer from East to Main, Qty of 100, Add in Transit Code. Shipment & Receipt Dates are 30/09/2024. Click Reserve from Inventory. Quantity is Reserved. Post Ship the transfer order. Create another Transfer order. Transfer from West to Main, Qty 50, Shipment & Receipt Date is 31/10/2024. Release the transfer order. Create Sales order for the item, Qty 100, Location Main, add shipment date of 10/10/2024. Location " MAIN" Click Functions -> Reserve. Reserve from current line. Go to Actions -> Plan -> Order Promising. Available to Promise. Earliest date is 10/10/2024 (Correct). Create another sales order, Qty 20, Shipment Date 10/10/2024. Location "MAIN" Go to Order Promising -> available to promise. Earliest Date is incorrect. It has the original date 30/09/2024 which is reserved for the first sales order already. If we proceed to accept, the system changes the sales line delivery date to 30/9/2024 although there is no planning made. INVESTIGATION: By skipping step number 12 (Post Ship for the first transfer order), The system generates the Earliest Shipment Date for the second Sales Order correctly (31/10/2024). Expected Results: Order Promising Earliest Shipment Date for the second sales order should be 31/10/2024. NOTE: I have tried to reserve in the second transfer order, It was reserved successfully for Quantity 50. Going to the second sales order which has Qty of 20. There is no lines to reserve. The second sales order cannot be linked to second transfer order reservation and it keeps taking the earliest shipment date from the first reservation.
Description:
Order Promising Earliest Shipment Date is giving incorrect dates
