Title: [master] [All-E] Incorrect VAT in Statistics FactBox when "Price Including VAT" is activated.
Repro Steps:
Issue occurring on all environments. Repro was done on AT (Austria localization) BC 23.5. Below screenshot is my general ledger setup page setup. Below is the setup of the G/L account used in the repro. Below is the VAT posting setup. Create a sales invoice, and add the lines as seen below with the line amounts and make sure "Price Including VAT" is toggled on, the result in the screenshot below is gotten. If the "Price Including VAT" is toggled off, the result in the screenshot below is gotten. Actual result: The VAT is calculated wrongly when the "Price Including VAT" is toggled on. It is noticed that if the VAT base is added before the VAT is calculated, the VAT amount will be correct, also when the VAT is calculated on the second line alone, the result is 12.206 which is expected to round to 12.21, instead it is rounded to 12.20 and this is also a reason why the VAT amount is not correct. Note that it is the incorrect VAT value in statistics that is posted when the document is processed. Expected result: The rounding should work correctly so that correct VAT can be calculated correctly. In the statistics factbox on the fourth numbering of the repro steps, system calculates the VAT amount using the VAT base * 20% VAT (61.03 * 0.2 = 12.206), when the rounding takes place, it should be 12.21, not 12.20. Addition of the wrong rounding (12.20 + (-0.82) = 11.38) resulting in the wrong VAT amount, instead, if the correct rounding of 12.21 is used, the correct VAT amount will be calculated (12.21 + (-0.82) = 11.39).
Description:
[SOLUTION BEGIN] Issue: The VAT is calculated wrongly when the "Price Including VAT" is toggled on. It is noticed that if the VAT base is added before the VAT is calculated, the VAT amount will be correct, also when the VAT is calculated on the second line alone, the result is 12.206 which is expected to round to 12.21, instead it is rounded to 12.20 and this is also a reason why the VAT amount is not correct. Note that it is the incorrect VAT value in statistics that is posted when the document is processed. Solution: [SOLUTION END]
