Title: [master] Issues with Digital Vouchers enforcements in DK
Repro Steps:
Detailed repro steps are in attachment. Initial setup: According to the on-screen documentation, using a General Journal in a combination with a customer or vendor, the respective Sales or Purchase Journal settings will be used. Test 1 In the General Journal using the Standard Batch a journal entry is created (- in order to better create a screen shot, it has been split over two lines) of the Document Type Invoice. No errors found, as the setup from the Sales Journal comes into play, and this is set to generate vouchers automatically. Checking the G/L Entries everything looks fine. Test 2 Doing the same test as Test 1, but without anything in Document Type, also looks fine. And so does the G/L Entries. Test 3 Now I modify the setup, so the system no longer automatically generates vouchers. Create a new journal entry, and I see in the Journal Check that I’m told I won’t be able to post, because I need to attach a digital voucher. However, I can post without any issues. Test 4 I modify the setup again, so Check Type no longer accepts Notes – not that I created a note in the previous test, but to make sure that this didn’t factor in. Entry created and warning again that I won’t be able to post, due to missing digital voucher. Again, I’m able to post. Test 5 Now I try to do the same for a vendor – here I’m also that I have an error, due to missing voucher. When I try to post this time, I do get an error though – two actually. The second error is the missing External Document No. – so I add that. And am now allowed to post – again with no voucher. Test 6 In this test I used the Sales Journal. Here I’m also allowed to post – despite the error notification. Test 7 In the Sales Journal I created an entry now, using only one line (- to eliminate it being split over two lines as a cause for an error). First half of the line. Second half of the line. Again – despite the Journal Check indicates I won’t be able to post, I can do so without issues. Test 8 This time I use the Purchase Journal spilt over two lines. Again, I can post without issues. Test 9 In the Purchase Journal one line – first half. Second half. And yet again, I can post without issues – despite the Journal Check indicates I won’t be able to post.
Description:
Tests using Digital Vouchers – seem to indicate not enforced when using journals This is done in a BC 24 DK Cronus database, with Digital Vouchers activated.
