Title: [master] [All-e]The Default Remit-to-Code does not default onto new Purchase Invoice document when created from Vendor Card when associated No. Series has both Default and Manual options marked.
Repro Steps:
Reproduced in BC 25.3 CRONUS USA, Inc. tenant 1. Make sure No. Series associated with new Purchase Invoice documents is set to both ‘Default’ and ‘Manual’ checked as shown below: 2. Log out of BC, then back in again (this will ensure that the No. Series configuration change takes effect). 3. Search for Vendor, selected Vendor 20000, and generate a ‘default’ Remit To Address assigned (Related | Vendor | Remit Addresses). I used REMIT-ATL and entered an Atlanta Address. 4. Escape back to the Vendor Card, click on New Document | Purchase Invoice. 5. Tab off the No. field to populate the Purchase Invoice No. and Vendor No. Expected Results: The Remit-to Code on the ‘Shipping and Payment’ fast tab is populated with the default Remit-to Code. Actual Results: The Remit-to Code on the ‘Shipping and Payment’ fast tab is blank incorrectly. The issue is that the correct Remit-to address is not being set, and the client is having to do a lot of cleanup of data due to a missing Remit-to Address, which should always default in. NOTE: The issue of the missing Remit-to Address doesn’t happen if you create a new purchase invoice from the Purchase Invoice list and select the same Vendor (just not via the Vendor Card and then by clicking on New Document - Purchase Invoice).
Description:
The Default Remit-to-Code does not default on to a new Purchase Invoice document when created from Vendor Card using New Document if the associated No. Series has both Default and Manual options marked. It seems like a Vendor No. Validate issue. Different behavior occurs when the Purchase Invoice is created from the Purchase Invoice directly. Then, the Remit-To is validated and populated.
