Title: [All-E] When the field Task Billing Method is set to Multiple Customers on the Project Card, the system unexpectedly generates multiple Sales Invoices even though only one of the Project Planning Lines for one of the Customers' Project Task is selected
Repro Steps:
Note from Communication with Partner by Tony Toni-Uche: Partner and Client tested in BC 25.3 and 25.4 ES and GB Localization. (Tom Blaisdell: Validated in my US Tenant on 25.4) Repro Steps: 1. Create a New Project Card with two Project Task Lines: 2. Select Project Task No. 001 and select Project Task > Project Planning Lines - Enter a type Budget & Billable for Item 1908-S for 1 PCS at 750.00 3. Select Project Task No. 002 and select Project Task > Project Planning Lines - Enter a type Budget & Billable for Item 1920-S for 1 PCS at 550.00 (NOTE: You may want to create a 2nd Project with the same basic structure so testing may be completed with two different Task Billing Methods directly under SCENARIO A and SCENARIO B below) SCENARIO A We have the first Test Project configured to invoice to a single customer. The Project has the two tasks and two planning lines above. When we select one of the Project planning lines and click 'Create sales invoice', it creates a sales invoice for only the selected planning line, not for all. Go to the Sales Invoice page, you will see that the sales invoice created was for only the selected planning line and not for all. ---------------------------------- RESULTS IS AS EXPECTED: One Sales Invoice created for the one Project Planning Line selected. SCENARIO B Now, with the same Project No. you would delete the one Invoice. Otherwise, with the recommended Copy of the Project, change the 2nd (Copied) Project and configure it to Task Billing Method of Multiple Customers: As provided initially, the Project has two Project Tasks Lines and Two Planning Lines (one per each Task) with (Budget/Billable or Billable) and same values as provided above. When we select one of the Project planning lines and click 'Create sales invoice', the process generates Sales Invoices for all of the Project Planning Lines for all the Project Tasks in the project - not just the Project Planning Line or Task Line selected. ACTUAL RESULT: Go to the Sales Invoice page, you will see that the sales invoice created invoices all the Project planning lines for all the Project tasks in the project, not just the selected one. EXPECTED RESULTS: The Partner thinks that this is a Bug because now the whole project has been sent to Sales Invoice - not only the selected Project Planning Line. Moreover, this behavior only occurs when billing with the r. Additional Infromation from the Partner: Codeunit 1002 (Job Create Invoice), in BC 25.2 — Invoicing Job with Multiple customers repeat JobPlanningLine.SetFilter("Job No.", JobPlanningLine2."Job No."); JobPlanningLine.SetFilter("Job Task No.", JobPlanningLine2."Job Task No."); JobPlanningLine.SetFilter("Line No.", '%1', JobPlanningLine2."Line No."); --- line removed in 25.3, losing the filter of the selected 'Line No.' JobPlanningLine.FindFirst(); CreateSalesInvoiceLines(JobPlanningLine."Job No.", JobPlanningLine, InvoiceNo, NewInvoice, PostingDate, DocumentDate, CrMemo); until JobPlanningLine2.Next() = 0; end; Codeunit 1002 (Job Create Invoice), in BC 25.3 — Invoicing Job with Multiple customers repeat JobPlanningLine.SetFilter("Job No.", JobPlanningLine2."Job No."); JobPlanningLine.SetFilter("Job Task No.", JobPlanningLine2."Job Task No."); JobPlanningLine.FindFirst(); CreateSalesInvoiceLines(JobPlanningLine."Job No.", JobPlanningLine, InvoiceNo, NewInvoice, PostingDate, DocumentDate, CrMemo); JobPlanningLine2.SetRange("Job Task No.", JobPlanningLine2."Job Task No."); JobPlanningLine2.FindLast(); JobPlanningLine2.SetRange("Job Task No."); until JobPlanningLine2.Next() = 0; end; ---------------------------------
Description:
The issue is that there is different behavior for selecting Specific Project Tasks and related Project Planning lines for Billing when generating a Sales Invoice for a Project setup with Task Billing Method of One Customer vs. Multiple Customers. Of course, there is a difference in that the Customer No. is now stored at the Job Task Line Level so Sales Invoices generated will now use the Customer from Project Task Line. However, the client has identified unexpected behavior when selecting specific Project Taks for billing. When using One Customer for Task Billing Method, the client may select a specific Project Task for Billing and use the Create Sales Invoice. The process will generate only the one Sales Invoice for the select Project Task Line. However, when Multiple Customers is selected for the Task Billing Method on the Project, the client may select a specific Project Task to bill for the specific Customer No. on the Project Task. However, when the Create Sales Invoice is processed, the process will generate a Sales Invoice for a Project Task Line that was not selected. In the scenario presented, for a single Project but using Multiple Customers with a separate Project Task for each Customer No., the Create Sales Invoice will ignore the selection of the Project Task and generate multiple Sales Invoices, even though only one Project Task Line was selected for one specific Customer No. NOTE: The Issue seems to be related to this RFH: Bug 560122 [ALL-E] [25.x] When we set the field Task Billing Method to Multiple Customers on the Project Header Multiple Invoices with 1 li....
