Title: [master] Item Applications are not adhering to Package Specific Tracking, when Reservation exists.
Repro Steps:
Be sure new feature Package Tracking is enabled. Have Item Tracking Card with 'Package Specific Tracking' = YES and 'Package Warehouse Tracking' = YES. Create or use existing item with the Item Tracking Card for Package assigned. Have Item that is RESERVE = ALWAYS Have Location (PURPLE) that has Bin Mandatory, Require Ship and Require Pick and be sure user is setup as Warehouse Employee for Location. Be sure to have 2 bins setup (BIN1 and SHIPBIN or whatever) for your location On Location, set 'Shipment Bin' = SHIPBIN Create Item Journal Lines for your new item for the following:Item, Your Location (Purple or whatever), BIN1, Quantity = 100 and in Item Tracking, PACK1 for 100 qty.Item, Your Location (Purple or whatever), BIN1, Quantity = 50 and in Item Tracking, PACK2 for 50 qty. Post Item Journal. Create 2 Sales Orders for the same location and same Item:ORDER A for 100 Qty....this will auto reserve to ILE for 100 qty with PACK1ORDER B for 50 Qty.....this will auto reserve to ILE for 50 qty with PACK2 On ORDER A, create a Warehouse Shipment and Warehouse Pick On the Pick, update Qty. to Handle = 50 and then specify PACK2 for Lot No. on the lines. Register the Pick Go to the Shipment and Post the Warehouse Shipment.Review the Item Ledger Entries and Item Application Entries:EXPECTED RESULTS: The Outbound ILE of -50 of PACK2 would be applied to Inbound ILE of 50 for PACK2.ACTUAL RESULTS: The Outbound ILE of -50 of PACK2 is applied to Inbound ILE of 100 of PACK1, with 50 remaining qty.If you run the same exact test with LOT Specific Tracking instead, it will adhere to the LOT numbers when applying.
Description:
We may need Andrei P. to double check this and confirm the Expected Results is what we want....which would be consistent with Lot Specific Tracking. When 'Package Specific Tracking' is set for an item and a Reservation exists, we have different behavior when compared with Lot Specific Tracking. If a Reservation Exists, however on the Warehouse Pick, we pick a different Package than what is reserved, we are adhering to the Reservation, and not the Package Number when applying ILEs. When we have Lot Specific Tracking and same test, we apply same Lot Number and it overrules the Reservation. But in Package Specific Tracking, the Reservation takes precedence. Derived from Support Case Review: https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/521679
