Title: Outstanding Checks total at top of (posted) Bank Account Statement report displays incorrect value after Undo and re-posting of the statement. 
Repro Steps:
1. Create a new G/L Account to be associated with the new bank account (mine is 10101) 2. Create a new Bank Account (mine is B020) In the Bank Acc. Posting Group (in Posting FastTab in Bank Account Card), add a new record which points to the G/L account from #1 above. 3. Close out of the Bank Account Card. 4. Open the General Journals page. In any batch, enter and post the following: Posting Date: 1/1/24 Account Type: Bank Account Account No: B020 (or your bank account from #2) Description: add “- opening balance” to the end of the defaulted value Amount: 333.33 Bal. Account Type: G/L Account Bal. Account No.: choose an obscure account from the end of the chart of accounts. (I chose 67400: Miscellaneous). Post the journal line. 5. Open the Payment Journals page. Create a new batch for the bank account entered in #2. Ensure that in the batch, the Bal. Account Type is Bank Account, and the Bal. Account No. is B020 (or your bank account from #2). Enter and post the following: Posting/Doc Date Doc Type Account Type Account No. Amount Bank Payment Type 1/1/24 Payment Vendor 10000 1 Manual Check 1/16/24 Payment Vendor 20000 2 Manual Check 2/1/24 Payment Vendor 30000 3 Manual Check 2/16/24 Payment Vendor 40000 4 Manual Check 3/1/24 Payment Vendor 10000 5 Manual Check 3/16/24 Payment Vendor 20000 6 Manual Check 4/1/24 Payment Vendor 30000 7 Manual Check 4/16/24 Payment Vendor 40000 8 Manual Check 6. Search for and open the Bank Acc. Reconciliation page. 7. Click +New and create the first reconciliation for Bank Account No. B020 with the following: Statement Date: 1/31/24 Balance Last Statement: 0 Statement Ending Balance: 331.33 Click Process – Suggest Lines Highlight the payment with amount of 1 on both left and right and click Matching – Remove Match. Afterwards, there should be two lines appearing as matched in both lists. Click Posting - Test Report and review. For this and all following reports, ensure that you choose to Print Outstanding Transactions. The data should be the same as ReportA.pdf. Click Posting – Post and Print and respond to prompts. For this and all following reports, ensure that you choose to Print Outstanding Transactions. Review the report. It should look the same as ReportB.pdf. 8. Click +New and create the second reconciliation for Bank Account No. B020 with the following: Statement Date: 2/29/24 Balance Last Statement: 331.33 Statement Ending Balance: 327.33 Click Process – Suggest Lines Highlight the payment with amount of -1 on both left and right and click Matching – Remove Match. Highlight the payment with amount of -3 on both left and right and click Matching – Remove Match. Afterwards, there should be one line (with the amount of -4) appearing as matched in both lists. Click Posting - Test Report and review. The data should be the same as ReportC.pdf. Click Posting – Post and Print and respond to prompts. Review the report. It should look the same as ReportD.pdf. 9. Click +New and create the third reconciliation for Bank Account No. B020 with the following: Statement Date: 3/31/24 Balance Last Statement: 327.33 Statement Ending Balance: 318.33 Click Process – Suggest Lines Highlight the payment with amount of -1 on both left and right and click Matching – Remove Match. Highlight the payment with amount of- 5 on both left and right and click Matching – Remove Match. Afterwards, there should be two lines (with the amounts of -3 and -6) appearing as matched in both lists. Click Posting - Test Report and review. The data should be the same as ReportE.pdf. Click Posting – Post and Print and respond to prompts. Review the report. It should look the same as ReportF.pdf. 10. Navigate to or search for and open the Bank Account Statement List page. Highlight the record for B020 and 2/29/2024. And click Undo. Respond to prompts. It is OK to create a new statement/reconciliation with the same data. Ensure that the new reconciliation has the following: Statement Date: 2/29/24 Balance Last Statement: 331.33 Statement Ending Balance: 327.33 Afterwards, there should be one line (with the amount of -4) appearing as matched in both lists. Click Posting - Test Report and review. The data should be the same as ReportG.pdf (except mine has statement no incremented by a value of 1. Please disregard this difference).*** Click Posting – Post and Print and respond to prompts. Review the report. Expected Results: It should look like ReportD.pdf (with the exception of the Statement No. being 4 instead of 2). Actual Results: It does look the same as ReportH.pdf (except mine has statement no incremented by one. Please disregard this difference). Specifically, the problem is with the Outstanding Checks total field in the header. It shows a value of -1 when the total of the two outstanding checks at the bottom of the report shows a value of -4. The -4 is what would match the prior ReportD.pdf. Since the total Outstanding Checks in the header is only -1, then the Bank Account Balance below it shows 326.33 instead of 323.33 and does not correspond to the G/L Account Balances in the left column. Additional Findings: It seems that the -1 value for the Outstanding Checks in the header is the sum of the Remaining Amount (as of the current date) for the two checks listed at the bottom of the report. ***It would seem that there is an issue with this report too. However, this is not the issue that the partner raised. This report only shows one transaction as being outstanding when there should have been two. It seems like this report should be matching ReportC.pdf, but it differs in the Outstanding Checks and Bank Account Balance at the top as well as the list of Outstanding Checks at the bottom.
Description:

