Title: [ALL-E] Delete invoiced Item Charge in Sales Order is not possible if there is VAT.
Repro Steps:
Create a Sales Order for Customer 1000 and add 2 lines as below: Type No. Description VAT Prod. Posting Group Location Code Quantity Unit of Measure Code Unit Price Excl. VAT Line Discount % Line Amount Excl. VAT Qty. to Ship Quantity Shipped Qty. to Invoice Quantity Invoiced Qty. to Assign Item Charge Qty. to Handle Qty. Assigned Item 1896-S ATHENS Desk STANDARD 5 PCS 649.4 3,247.00 1 1 0 0 Charge (Item) S-ALLOWANCE Sales Allowance STANDARD 1 100 100 1 1 0 0 Click Post > Ship. Select the line for the Item Charge and click Line > Related Information > Item Charge Assignment Click Suggest Item Charge Assignment. Go back to the lines, change Qty to Invoice = 1 for the Item line Click Post > Invoice. Reopen the document. Try to delete the Item Charge Line:
Description:
When user try to delete an Item Charge Line (fully processed) in Sales Order, they get an error: "Quantity Invoice must not be greater than the sum of Qty. Assigned and Qty. to Assign." However, if they try this same scenario with Purchase Order, we do allow to delete the Item Charge Line. Also, if the Sales Order doesn't have VAT, it's also possible to delete the line. According with partner, they have found the issue here: ---------------------------------------------------------if (Type <> Type::" ") and ("Line No." <> 0) and not IsExtendedText() and ("Job Contract Entry No." = 0) and (Quantity <> 0) and (Amount <> 0) and (Amount <> "Amount Including VAT") and not StatusCheckSuspended then begin Quantity := 0; "Quantity (Base)" := 0; "Qty. to Invoice" := 0; "Qty. to Invoice (Base)" := 0; "Line Discount Amount" := 0; "Inv. Discount Amount" := 0; "Inv. Disc. Amount to Invoice" := 0; UpdateAmounts(); end; -----------------------------------------------------
