Title: [master] [ALL-E] Allow Multiple Posting Groups does not work as expected with Fin. Charge Memos
Repro Steps:
Detailed Repro This was reproduced on a SE environment V23.3 (Same as cx environment), but it is a W1 issue.Also reproduced in other country versions (ES) >>> go to "Sales & Receivables Setup" to enable multiple posting groups. >>> Go to customer card to enable Allow multiple posting group. Also take note of the Customer posting group >>> Go to "customer Posting Groups" CPG >> On INRIKES >> Related >> Alternative Groups From the Screenshot above we can see that UTRIKES and INRIKES has different G/L Acct in the Receivables Account. >>> Go to Fin charge Memo Fill the fields as shown in the image above then click on Issue, a wizard should pop up click okay. >>> Go to Issued Finance Charge Memos to see the recent Fin charge memo we issued. then we inspect the page ==================ACTUAL RESULTS ================== On the page inspection we can see that the CPG is set to UTRIKES which is the CPG we selected when creating our Fin charge memo. OKEY! >>> But when we navigate to Gen Ledger Entries and see the G/L Acct that it was posted into. we will see that it is going to 1510 which is the G/L Acct No. for INRIKES (the original posting group) ==================EXPECTED RESULTS ================== The G/L Account should be the one under UTRIKES Customer Posting Group, and not take the one from INRIKES (the original posting group)
Description:
Allow Multiple Posting Groups does not work as expected with Fin. Charge Memos.
