Title: [master] If you use "Copy Line description to G/ L entry" field the posted Job entries point to incorrect ledger entries.
Repro Steps:
The issue occurs when the “Copy Line Descr. To G/L Entry” mark is activated at Purchases & Payables setup. When this mark is activated, one entry per line is generated, and after, when the customer post sales or purchase documents from the Job module, the Job entries generated do not point correctly to the accounting entries, they all point to the last one. Here is a detailed step by step example of purchase invoice: At Purchases & payable setup mark “Copy Line Descr. To G/L Entry” I create a purchase invoice with different lines with the same Job No. but different task No. When we post this document, the account ledger entries generated are 2: NOTE: If we do the same without the "Copy Line Description to G/L Entry" field activated, only 1 G/L Entry is generated.Why we modify the posting behavior just for 1 description? :S (Screen prints at the bottom of the Repro Steps) The job ledger entries generated are these, and they all point to the same Account ledger entry. First one created in the G/L Entries posted. If the user tries to navigate from g/l entries to job entries, is not possible. ================ACTUAL RESULTS ================If you use "Copy Line description to G/ L entry" field the posted Job entries point to incorrect ledger entries. ==================EXPECTED RESULTS ================== If you use "Copy Line description to G/ L entry" field the posted Job entries should point to the correct ledger entries, OR we should just post 1 G/L Entry for both lines with the same G/L Account and filters as when we do not use the "Copy Line Descr. to G/L Entry" setting. IMPORTANT: If WE DO NOT USE "Copy Line Descr. to G/L Entry" then the number of G/L Entries posted is just 1 with the total amount of both lines and just 1 Entry No: Then both Job Ledger Entries point to that Entry No.:
Description:
When using Copy Line description to G/ L entry, Job entries points to incorrect ledger entries
