Title: [ESCALATED] An unexpected error: "Cannot Match Item Tracking on Document No.: PO No., Line No., Item No." when trying to process a Warehouse Pick against a Warehouse Shipment tied to a negative Purchase Order Line for returning Items to the Vendor.
Repro Steps:
Tested in US 24.2 Tenant to Reproduce in base CRONUS USA, Inc. Please find the Detailed Reproduce Steps in the attached Word Document and full Explanation of the Issue and documented steps. With SN Tracking, the steps get longer, so I included the Word file for details and screen shots.
Description:
Summary of Issue Client uses a Location Code that uses all options except Directed Put-away & Pick - e.g. Require Receive, Shipment, Put-away, & Pick along with Bin Mandatory. Client has an Item with Item Tracking of SNALL - Serial No. Specific with Warehouse Tracking enabled. Client process is a little different, but the Word Document with Reproduce Steps presents a required business process that made the most sense and was used to reproduce the error. Client has Purchase Order Receipt of Serial No. Item. (Repro used 5 PCS of 5 SNs) Client Sells the Item and ships/invoices. (Sold the 5 PCS and 5 SNs) A problem exists with one of the Serial No Items so customer must return the Item, the Item must be sent back to the Vendor for repair, received back after repair, and then shipped back to the Customer. The Client manages the Return of the Item from the Customer on a Single Sales Order Document with Sales Lines for a G/L Account to manage the Project impact along with an Item Negative Quantity Line for the Serial No. to process Warehouse Return and Warehouse Put-away of the returned Serial No. Item, while also having a follow-up Sales Order Line for Positive Quantity for Shipping the Item with the SN back to the client after the Vendor completes Repair and send the Item back. At the same time as the Sales Order side is managed, the client also manages a Purchase Order Document for the Vendor where the PO has a G/L Account Line for the Project link, an Item Negative Line(s) to Ship the Item back to the Vendor as a Return for a Repair, and then a Positive Purchase Line for receiving the Item back from the Vendor once repair is complete. The challenge is that the system blocks the Warehouse Pick linked to the Warehouse Shipment for the Purchase Return (Negative Purchase Order Lines) to send the Item to the Vendor for the actual repair. Result: At this point I can confirm that there are tracking lines on the warehouse shipment line, but I cannot register pick as I got the error "Cannot Match Item Tracking...". Even though the ILE shows the Remaining Quantity for the SN, and the Warehouse Entries show the SN in stock in a pickable bin, the error occurs. This is blocking the client from managing the processing of this return and repair process, which is a huge impact because it is the fundamental business of the company. They manage the Customer/Vendor relationship as a middle-company for handling repair of damaged goods. The Receive an Item from a Customer with Serial No. Tracking, return it back to the Vendor, Receive it back after Repair, and send it back to the customer. However, the process is currently blocked from being processed. It is high impact to the customer, which is why the Impact setting of Sev2, Pri1.
