Title: [master] [ALL-E] With a basic Warehouse Location, the Movement Worksheet is incorrectly suggesting a From Zone/Bin, and also which is not the earlier Expiration Date of the FEFO Item
Repro Steps:
Use the CRONUS SE Company for reproducing. 1. Add myself as a Warehouse employee for SILVER Location 2. Change the following settings on the Location a. Set Require Receive, Require Shipment, Require Put-away, Require Pick & “Pick According to FEFO” to true. b. Change Bin Ranking on the location: 3. Create a new Item Tracking Code with the settings seen below: 4. Create a new Item with my Item Tracking code. 5. Go to the Item Journal and create two positive adjustments that look like the following: a. Please take note that I put the Lot with the latest of Expiration Date left on the bin S-1-02 Then post the journal. 6. Go to the Item Card and go to 'Related > Warehouse > Bin Contents and Create the following bin content: 7. Then go to just Bin Contents and set Min and Max. qty to 50 for Bin S-01-01. 8. Go to Warehouse Worksheet Templates and for the Movement, go up to Names and create a new one for SILVER Location. 9. Go to the movement worksheet, choose the SILVER Name, and run the “Calculate Bin Replenishment”: (you can add Item Filter here if you like) a. Press OK. EXPECTED RESULT: The 'From Zone' and 'From Bin' should be blank, as it says in Doc's I pointed out in the Description. It works perfectly like this if you have DP&P Location. But not for Basic Warehouse. And then when you create a Movement, it should create the movement from the earliest Expiration Date, which is from the other Bin. ACTUAL RESULT: The 'From Zone' and 'From Bin' are populated, and I get the following suggestion: a. (Which I already know is wrong as it has the lot with later expiration date). [BT. - I have not reviewed the following, but this was in the Case Review, provided from the original Support Engineer.] Scroll to the bottom of this conversation in Yammer (57) Viva Engage : Dynamics 365 Business Central Partner Community (Formerly: Development) : View Conversation
Description:
Derived and Copied from #557796 https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/557796 -The ability to use Bin Rankings along with Calculate Bin Replenishment for Basic Warehouse Location was introduced in BC22 (2023wave1), this may have been missed. -I tested with DP&P Location, and there is no problem with that....Only problem is with Basic Warehouse Location. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/warehouse-how-to-move-items-in-advanced-warehousing#to-move-items-with-the-warehouse-movement-worksheet
