Title: [master] [ALL-E] [INTERCOMPANY] Error Posting date must have a value in Sales Header : Document Type = Order No =  xxxxx. It cannot be zero empty when accepting an Intercompany document and Default Posting Date is set to No Date
Repro Steps:
Error Posting date must have a value in Sales Header: Document Type = Order, No = xxxxx. It cannot be zero empty when accepting an Intercompany document and Default Posting Date is set to No Date on the Sales & Receivables setup Issue was reproduced in Version: GB Business Central 25.1 (Platform 25.0.28509.0 + Application 25.1.25873.27921) 1. Ensure you have the very basic Intercompany setup 2. In the Purchase & Payables Setup in the sending company set the Default Posting Date to No Date. 3. In the Sales & Receivables Setup in the Receiving Company set the Default Posting Date to No Date. 4. Head back to the sending company and create a new Purchase Order for the Vendor associated with the Intercompany and Add the item Athens Desk to the lines as it would exist in both companies . 5. On the Purchase Header send the Invoice to the Company. 6. In the Outbox, send out the document. 7. Now Proceed to the Receiving company and head to Intercompany Inbox you will see that the document is received without a Posting Date. Actual Result: Try to Accept the Document and you receive the Error Message Posting date must have a value in Sales Header: Document Type = Order, No = xxxxx Expectation: Since accepting this transaction creates an Unposted sales order, the error message should not appear. It should not be possible to post without posting date, but in this case we are not trying to post, but just creating the document.
Description:

