Title: [master] [ALL-E] Quantity to handle in the components of Released production line is not updated correctly after doing a partial Pick with several items.
Repro Steps:
Open BC 24.1 on Prem W1 Search for UsersSetup your User as Admin Search for Warehouse EmployeesSetup you user for location SILVER Search for LocationsSelect SILVERDo the following setup. Search for itemsCreate a new Item Search for Item JournalInsert lines as shown:Add the item tracking information for the item you created above (70063)Line -> Item Tracking LinesAssign LotPost the Item Journal Search for released Production OrdersCreate a new Production OrderItem with Source No. 1925-W and quantity of 10.Location SILVERRefresh Production Order. Line Components.Add 2 Component Lines as follows:Add to the line of your created the Item Tracking information-> Line -> Item Tracking LinesAdd the Lot you posted beforeClose the components Create Warehouse Pick Open the Warehouse PickeRelated -> Order -> Put-away/Pick Lines/Movement LinesShow DocumentChange the Quantity to Handle to 4 for each lineRegister the PickNow Register the Rest (Qty. to Handle=6)Now the pick is fully registered. Go back to the production OrderOpen the ComponentsOpen the Item Tracking Lines for Item 70063-> Line -> Item Tracking LinesYou see the Qty. to Hanle Base is wrong it should be 10Close the components Open the Production Journal -> Line -> Production JournalPost ACTUAL RESULT:The following error appears: EXPECTED RESULT:The Qty to Handle should be updated correctly after the full pick is registered and a posting of the consumption should be possible. Investigation: The issue does not appear, if the tracked Item is the only component item.
Description:

