Title: [master] [ALL-E] Contact management issues in Sales Quote and Sales Order
Repro Steps:
1- Go to the sales quote. 2- Create a new sales quote, select the customer, and change the contact number. 3- Create a new contact 4- When creating the contact and setting the type as "person," the company number and company name do not default to the company used in the sales quote. 5- However, when creating a new contact from the contact field, it syncs with the company name and company number automatically. In this case, the company number and company name are synced automatically with the one used in the sales quote. I have just added a new phone number and an email. Another issue related to the contact as well 1- When changing the contact in the "Contact" field, the phone number and email do not update to match the selected contact. These updates only occur when changes are made in the "Contact No." field. 2- As You can see the email and the phone no. 3- As you can see the email and the phone is not updated. 4- However, when changing the contact no to the same contact it displays the email and the phone no. Another issue occurs in the sales order: When changing the contact in the "Contact" field and then reverting to the previous contact, the "Contact" field does not update to show the former contact and instead displays a blank field. 1- In the sales order, change the contact. 2- Change the contact to another one. 3- As you can see, the contact has been changed. 4- Revert back to the previous contact. ' 5 The contact does not get updated as the following: =================== ACTUAL RESULTS =================== Contact management issues in Sales Quote and Sales Order =================== EXPECTED RESULTS =================== Fix those scenarios or provide a customer ready explanation on why it works this way.
Description:
Contact management issues in Sales Quote and Sales Order.
