Title: [master] Product No. must have a value in Price List Line: Price List Code=SL100087 Line No.=170000. It cannot be zero or empty. while creating sales price list with blank on product no field.
Repro Steps:
In a standard tenant, make sure to enable the "New sales pricing experience" in Feature Management. 1 - Create a Sales Price List "S-PLS00001 for a Customer: System is no longer accepting empty field on Product no. In the Lines section create a Line as follows: Assign-to Type = Customer Assign-to No. = Customer No. Starting Date = 01/01/25 Ending Date = 12/31/25 Product Type = Item Product No. = Blank is no longer allowed Minimum Quantity = 1 Line Discount = 3 After the line is set up, attempt to change the "Status" in the header from 'Draft' to 'Active' and the error occurs. This was allowable in the 23.x version of business central but from 24.5 to the current version is no longer working.
Description:
In previous versions, the customer could set up a Customer Price list with Product Type = Item and Product No. = Blank and a discount %. The functionality would then apply that discount to *all* items that customer bought (unless there was an Item specific discount set). Under the new version, when they either attempt to enter a new line to do this, or if they change the status of an Active Price Group to "Draft" and then back to "Active" they get the error message: Product No. must have a value in Price List Line: Price List Code=SL100087, Line No.=170000. It cannot be zero or empty.basically, it appeals like it is mandatory to fill in the product no on the Price list lines form.when we did the analysis on codes looked and it appears code was added so that if Product Type = Item, then it does a TESTFIELD on "Product No." (i.e. no allowing blanks).This is the code in the previous versions of Business Central 23.x and this is the new code from version 24.5 to the current one 25.2 Was this intentional? If so, how would customers achieve the prior result (i.e. all items for Customer 'X' get a discount of 'Y'?repro steps:
