Title: [Master] [ALL-E] Reserve Specific Tracking Number, 30 qty of Manually typed in Lot No. on Sales Order, yet it shows 'Total Reserved Quantity' = 60, and then reserve another lot from a 2nd Sales - error "Full automatic Reservation is not possible. Reserve
Repro Steps:
Ensure that the following locations ( MAIN / EAST) are setup according to the below screenshots. Create a new item and assign Lot Tracking. Item Tracking Code: LOTALL / Lot Nos. : LOT. Go to the Item Journal and add Qty of 50 with LOT and another 50 with another LOT with location MAIN for both. for the first line add LOT No from the item tracking code LOT0007. Second Line LOT0008 Post the Journal. Create a Transfer Order. From MAIN to EAST with in transit. Full Quantity (100) then -> Item Tracking Codes - > Shipment. Select both Lots. Post -> Ship only. Once completed create a sales order. Add your item with quantity 30 / Location East -> Item Tracking Lines. Once opening the item tracking codes, you will not be able to select the LOTs. (BT: This is because that lot number doesn't exist in that location yet) Add the LOT0007 manually with quantity of 30. The following error message will pop up, click Yes. Go to functions -> Reserve. Click Yes (BT: (To the question "Do you want to reserve specific tracking numbers")), then choose LOT0007-> then Auto Reserve. Current Reserved Qty is 30 ( Correct) / Total Reserved Quantity 60 (Incorrect as we have selected LOT0007 which has Qty of 50 only). Reserved Quantity is 30 ( Correct). Create another Sales Line and add Quantity of 50 -> Item Tracking Codes then add LOT0008. Add LOT0008 and Qty of 50. (BT: Again you have to manually type in the number because that lot is not yet at the location). Click Yes on the warning that will popup. Keep highlighting the second Sales Line and Click Reserve. Click yes and Ok (BT" to "Do you want to reserve specific tracking numbers") Click Auto Reserve. The following Error will pop up. Click Ok. Current Reserved Quantity is 20 (Incorrect) Expected Behavior When Auto Reserving for the second Sales Line, the Current Reserved Quantity should be 50 not 20. Actual Results: Current Reserved Quantity is 20. NOTE: The first sales line reserving worked perfectly fine, so any additional sales lines for the same item should work as expected when it comes to Current Reserved Quantity.
Description:
Business Impact: Customer has to create the sales order while the quantity is in transit as it takes months for the quantity to be transferred to the other locations as sometimes it gets held in the Sea. They are aware that it would be more efficient to wait till the receipt is posted but they have to follow the current flow.
