Title: [master] [ALL-E] Error message: Nothing to Handle error when Creating Warehouse Pick for an item with serial Tracking where Strict Expiration Date is enabled, where a Movement and a blank Expiration Date exists.
Repro Steps:
1. Go to Item Tracking Code SNALL and set 'Use Expiration Dates' and 'Strict Expiration Date Posting' = TRUE. 2. Create a new Item or go to Existing with no activity like 80010 and set Item Tracking Code = SNALL 3. Have a location with Bin Mandatory, Require Ship and Require Pick, I use my Purple location which has all marked except for DP&P. 4. Have some Bins like S1, S2, S3, Receive and Ship 5. On the Location Card set Shipment Bin = SHIP, also be sure that “Always create Pick Line” and “Pick According to FEFO” are both FALSE. 6. Be sure you are setup as Warehouse Employee for your location: 7. Create a positive adjustment for the Item using Item Journal for the Item at PURPLE Location, Bin Code = S1, for 4 pieces of the Item 8. Go into Item Tracking and set the following:SN01 Expiration Date = 06/30/25 (mm/dd/yy)SN02 Expiration Date = 10/06/25 (mm/dd/yy)SN03 Expiration Date = Blank SN04 Expiration Date = 12/31/25 (mm/dd/yy) 9. Post Item Journal. 10. Go to Internal Movements and create a new one. Set your Location = PURPLE, To Bin Code = S2. -Add your item to the Line for 2 Qty. 11. Go to Item Tracking Lines and add SN01 and SN02 for 1 qty each and close 12. Now choose the Create Inventory Movement (DO NOT REGISTER the movement).The Inventory Movement will be created with 4 lines, a Take and Place for SN01 and SN02. Note - we have Warehouse Activity lines now for SN01 & SN02. 13. Create a new Sales Order for any customer for 2 pieces of the Item at PURPLE Location (do not specify any Item Tracking). 14. Go to Home > Create Warehouse Shipment 15. On the Shipment, Create Pick EXPECTED RESULT A new Warehouse Pick is created. The SN04 Serial Number must be present on the Warehouse Pick lines. The message stating that some Items have not been included due to missing/wrong Expiration Date must be shown, because of the SN03 Serial Number that has an empty Expiration Date. ACTUAL RESULT The Error "Nothing to Handle": The error message is wrong, because two Serial Numbers are available to pick: SN03 and SN04. [BT. - I test this another way where I first had SN01 (with expir. date) and SN02 (with no expir. date), just to see what it would do for regular pick (which pulled in SN02). Then I added SN03 and SN04 with expiration Dates. I removed these and added these 2 SN's a couple times. For some reason now when I redo the repro steps with this set of entries, where SN03 and SN04 are on the Inv. Movement, then the Pick for SN01 is created, and no "Nothing to handle" error. So it almost seems like some kind of order of entry.] CODE REVIEW / ROOT CAUSE PROVIDE BY THE PARTNER There is a problem in the standard logic: 1. The main bug: A workaround that may work for our customer (testing is in process), but it may not work for everyone (i.e. when used EventPublishers are also used by other apps that change var-parameters): Note: “GlobalVariableStorage” is a SingleInstance codeunit that stores variables. This workaround does not solve the issue described below (2). On the contrary, the wrong/misleading warning may be shown more often than without the workaround. To get rid of the warning: all Serial Nos. must have an expiration date (strict expiration date is activated). 2. The following bug has a minor impact (a wrong/misleading warning may be shown to the user): Another minor optical issue This occurs when using de-DE language (en-US works fine) and creating a Warehouse Shipment from a Sales Order:
Description:
Derived and copied from Copied from #566687 https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/566687
