Title: [ALL-E] Change Production Order Status does not utilize the Select Functionality when changing Firm Planned Production Orders to Released status - Leads to Forward Flushed Component Quantity Availability validation unexpectedly
Repro Steps:
Please see attached Reproduce Steps in CRONUS USA, Inc. base Version 24.X for clear presentation of process flow with screen shots.
Description:
Client is utilizing Firm Planned Production Orders for Production BOM Items that utilize Forward Flushing. The client uses the Change Production Order Status Page, along with the Select More functionality from the Production Order List presented, to select the specific Firm Planned Production Orders for which to Change the Status. The issue identified in this Incident is that the Change Status doesn't seem to use the Select More feature. The system will validate all Component Quantity Availability for All Firm Planned Orders, even though the client user has selected specific Firm Planned Production Orders to have the status change applied. In the case presented by the Partner and Client, the Components are configured to use Forward Flushing on Components. The client doesn't use Routing Link Codes, so when changing the Firm Planned Production Orders to Released Production Order status, the Components are being immediate posted as Consumption through Forward Flushing functionality. However, if the Firm Planned Order is not selected from the Change Production Order Status list, why are the components validated for the unselected Firm Planned Orders.
