Title: [Master][All-e]The Application Method of “Apply to Oldest” on Customer Card does not work when posting Bank Deposits - the Payment and Invoice will Remain Open with Remaining Amount
Repro Steps:
In a 26.4 or 26.5 Version database. Testing completed in a CRONUS USA Inc Tenant. 1) Identify a Customer that has 0.00 balance for simplicity. Used Customer 10000. On the Customer Card > Payment Tab, Set Application Method on customer to “Apply to Oldest”. Set Payment Terms to '30 DAYS' 2) Set Work Date to 08/31/2025 (MM/DD/YYYY) 3) Create and Post an invoice for Customer 10000 for G/L Account 40320 - Management Fees for 1 Unit at $1,000.00 - I set Tax Group to NONTAXABLE to keep value at $1,000.00 for simplicity 4) Set Work Date to Today's Date - 09/26/2025 5) Create a new Bank Deposit for Bank Account CHECKING - enter Amount of $1,000.00 6) Add a line for Customer 10000 for $1,000.00 - Make sure you do not Apply this Payment manually at this point. 7) Post the Deposit Result: Go to the Customer card and Customer Ledger Entries. The problem/issue: Both the invoice and the payment remain open with Remaining Amount because the Payment didn't automatically apply to the Invoice. Expected Outcome:Both the Payment and Posted Invoice should be closed with the Payment fully applied based on the Appy to Oldest setting on the Customer Card. Actual Outcome: Both the invoice and the payment remain open with Remaining Amount. Troubleshooting Actions Taken: I have replicated this issue in CronusDid the partner reproduce the issue in a Sandbox without extensions? Yes
Description:

