Title: [master] [ALL-E] "%1 is not a supported data type" error message if you try to Create Document from Incoming Document after Send OCR Feedback is executed.
Repro Steps:
1-Take a BC 23.X environment (Tested in ES, but it happened in more, example NL) 2-Create an Account in KOFAX (Tungsten) and connect BC from OCR Service using the credentials you will get in the received email: User Name, Password and Authorization Key. 3-Go to Data Exchange Definition OCRINVOICE and remove the following row with column no. = 25 from the Field Mapping: 4- Create a new Incoming Document, and Create From File, using the attached document.(I exported PDF from a Posted Purchase Invoice in BC - Attached. Used ESPPO Template Code You can also do the same for your localization and use that invoice and your Template Code) Then Click on "Send to OCR Service": 5- Go to KoFAX (Tungsten) and log in with the credentials (I activated the Verification of lines, too). Check the Document you just Sent to OCR from BC: It is "Pending manual verification". Click on the Track ID in blue to open it and Edit it (Open in Office) 6- Amend the information missing/wrong/add line if needed and click OK. 7- Go back to Business Central, open the Incoming Document, and click on "Receive from OCR Service". Check that the "Data Exchange Type" = OCRINVOICE and OCR Status = Success. 8- Click on "Correct OCR Data" and modify the needed fields, click on "Send OCR Feedback" to send the changes. NOTE: This step causes the issue!! 9- Come back to the Incoming Document page, and click on Process - Create Document. ==================ACTUAL RESULTS ================== "%1 is not a supported data type" error message if you try to Create Document from Incoming Document after Send OCR Feedback is executed. ================== EXPECTED RESULTS ================== The Document should be created. The "Send OCR Feedback" action is causing the issue somehow. If we follow exactly the same steps as above, but DO NOT SEND OCR Feedback, then the Document gets created with no error messages:
Description:
"%1 is not a supported data type" error message if you try to Create Document from Incoming Document after Send OCR Feedback is executed.
