Title: [All-e]-[Master]"You cannot post document of type Order with number XX before all related prepayment invoices are posted." error if you make a Partial Receipt on Prepaid Invoice and then additional Prepayment Amount prevents the posting of the main P.O.
Repro Steps:
Purchasing setup : G/L account card:Item card :Posting parameters :Vendor card :3. Example of reproduction in CRONUSCreate a purchase order for vendor :Validation of the prepayment invoice: Pay for the Prepayment Invoice in Payment Journal to complete validation After validation of the prepayment invoice: Change status to "released". Partial receipt posting for a quantity of 7008 for each line: The result after partial receipt on the purchase order:Create a new purchase invoice for receipt and use Get Receipt Lines to pull in partial receipt : Post the invoice after entering the supplier invoice number:On the purchase order we have this:Reopen the purchase order and the Release it again, we see a recalculation of this column: Attempt to post the purchase order now, and you geT the following error message: In order not to have this error, client needs to open the purchase order manually modify the column PREPMT. LINE AMOUNT EXCL. VAT = 12330€. The order can be posted afterwards (as long as you do not release it again) Expected Outcome:Prepmt Line amount should remain UnchangedActual Outcome:.02 is added to the Prepmt Line Amount, thus blocking the purhcase order until a prepayment invoice is made and paid on that amountTroubleshooting Actions Taken:I have recreated this in my environment, and narrowed down the issue to the difference in rounding between the partial invoice generated from Get Receipt Lines and the rounding from generating the Partial invoice from the Purchase Order itselfDid the partner reproduce the issue in a Sandbox without extensions? Yes
Description:
"You cannot post the document of type Order with the number XX before all related prepayment invoices are posted." error if you make a Partial Receipt on Prepaid Invoice and then additional Prepayment Amount prevents the posting of the main Purchase Order. INVESTIGATION RESULTS: This issue stems from the difference in rounding calculation per line vs per total invoice document. I will explain in detail below, but in summary, when you add up the amounts and then run the percentage on the prepayment, there is a .02 difference compared to if you perform the invoice percentage on each line individually and then add them up. Illustrating this perfectly using the results form the repro, you can see the partial Invoice obtained from the partial invoicing directly from the order below, with a prepayment of 34,563.44, compared with the partial invoice obtained from using Get Receipt Lines with a prepayment of 34.563.46 With the Get Receipt Lines, the system calculates Qty% * Prepayment i.e (7008/10000) * (12330 * 4) = 34,563.46 Directly from the Sales Order, each line is 0.7008*12330 = 8640.86If you then multiply that by 4, for each line you get 34,563.44 This is where the original discrepancy emerges. To compensate for the extra 0.02, the system is forced to add an extra .02 to one of the lines, making that last Prepmt Amt Deducted = 8460.88. This then causes the Prepmt. Line to recalculate based on the expected amount, adding a 0.02 as well. This last part is where there is an error, because the prepmt Amt to Deduct correctly reduces to 3698.12 instead of 3698.14, allowing the total to be the expected 12,330.
