Title: [master] [All-E] "The transaction cannot be completed because it will cause inconsistencies in the G/L Entry table" error during the posting of a Purchase Invoice with Currencies, Normal VAT and Non deductible VAT due to rounding.
Repro Steps:
1- Enable non deductible VAT. 2- Set the VAT Post Setup as follows:3- Open the currencies and select HUF, add the below line:4- Open the Gen. Led. Setup and set local currency as EUR5- Create a purchase invoice, set the currency HUF and add the below lines: First line amount 3938.00 Second line amount: 56657.00 6- Preview post and you will get the following G/L entries:7- If we attempted to post the invoice we will get the below error message:The transaction cannot be completed because it will cause inconsistencies in the G/L Entry table. Check where and how the CONSISTENT function is used in the transaction to find the reason for the error. Contact your system administrator. Tables can be marked as inconsistent during comprehensive tasks, such as posting. This prevents data from being updated incorrectly. Expected Outcome:We should not get the extra lines in the G/L entries and we should be able to post the invoice without any errorsActual Outcome:Error Message: The transaction cannot be completed because it will cause inconsistencies in the G/L Entry table. Check where and how the CONSISTENT function is used in the transaction to find the reason for the error. Contact your system administrator. Tables can be marked as inconsistent during comprehensive tasks, such as posting. This prevents data from being updated incorrectly.Troubleshooting Actions Taken:If we added an amount of 1 EUR to the lines we will not get the issue (it is related to rounding)Did the partner reproduce the issue in a Sandbox without extensions? Yes We could repro in CSS in HU and ES, so it is W1.
Description:

