Title: Unbalanced G/L Accounts if we Cancel/Correct/Create Corrective Credit Memo from partial Purchase Invoice with Prepayments.
Repro Steps:
Tested in NL, but repro at W1 level. 1.To make it easier to explain, activate the following check under Purchase & Payables setup: 2. Go to Purchase & Payables Setup and make sure you have the Prepayment Invoices and Credit Memo serial numbers in place: (if not, create new ones) 3. General Posting Setup:Make sure you have Purchase Prepayment Acc in there for the combination you will use. Use one with NO VAT for a simpler repro. NOTE: Setup for the Prepayment Account 5215 does not contain VAT either: 4. New Purchase Order for Vendor TAOFEEK (or any NATIONAL/BIENNELAND) with Quantity = 2, Amount: 1000 and Prepayment of 10%(In the ITEM, I used NUL Posting group to avoid VAT, too) Post the Prepayment Invoice ( Actions, Posting, Prepayment, Post Prepayment Invoice) and status goes to Pending Prepayment: while the G/L Entries posted for the Prepayment Invoice are the following ones: Prepayment Acc 5215 = 200Vendor Acc 1210 = -200 Prepayment Amt. to Deduct Excl. VAT = 200 . OKEY. 5. Release the Purchase Order (use Job Queue for Codeunit 384 or Prempt Auto-Frequency to Daily under Purchase & Payables Setup) 6. Once in Released status, change the Qty to Receive to 1.Prepayment Amt. to Deduct Excl. VAT changes to 100. OKEY. Click on Post and Receive only. Receipt 107220 gets created: 7. Create a new Purchase Invoice for same Customer TAOFEEK, and Get Receipt Lines for Receipt 107220: It gets the Amount of 1000. Check. Doc Total Amount = 1000 Post it. 8.The Posted Purchase Invoice is 108213, and in there we can see that we deduct the -100 from Prepayment Account already posted: 5215, so the Invoice is posted for 900 and not for 1000 in the end: G/L Entries are: 5215 Prepayment Acc = -1001210 Vendors Acc = -900 9. Now, I try to CANCEL this Posted Purchase Invoice: And we do get the following warning message: I click on YES and I see an error (Possibly only in versions with the CHECK on the Doc. Amount) I click on YES, to open the created Credit Memo (with 1000, so not taking into account the Prepayment Amount): As you can see, there is no signal of the Prepayment Amount of the Cancelled Posted Purchase Invoice, so it will not revert the Prepayment Amount. If we post this Credit Memo (as it is done automatically without error message if the Check Doc. Amount is not set to TRUE)... then I have unbalanced Accounts... as we put the 1000 for the Vendor Acc (1210), and nothing for the Prepayment Acc. (5215) NOTE/EXPECTATION: To get it right... I need to add manually a G/L Account line for 5215 as follows, with -100 And POST: This is the expected result, with the following G/L Entries: So, both G/L Accounts be balanced. And coming back to the initial Purchase Order, all would be as expected: This is not the case currently, where we POST a CREDIT MEMO which will unbalance the Vendor and Prepayment Accounts. This should be reviewed also with CREATE CORRECTIVE CREDIT MEMO and CORRECT. If we do it with Create Corrective Credit Memo the G/L Accounts will NOT BE BALANCE Either 😞, but it works better to amend the quantities/prepayment amounts on the initial Purchase Order: Here is the Credit Memo created... which ALSO MISS THE Prepayment Account: But in this case if I change the Doc. Amount from 900 to 1000 to be able to post due to the restriction on the Check Doc. Amount (AGAIN, this is invisible for users that do not use this check... and then they post automatically without realizing), then it posts incorrectly, but the Amounts in the Purchase Order are correct. IMPORTANT:It should create the Prepayment line in the Credit Memo with any of the options, otherwise the G/L Accounts will not balance.
Description:
Unbalanced G/L Accounts if we Cancel/Correct/Create Corrective Credit Memo from partial Purchase Invoice with Prepayments.
