Title: [master] [All-E] Wrong calculation in Source Currency Amount with wrong sign when VAT calculation type is reverse charge tax in VAT posting setup
Repro Steps:
I was able to reproduce this issue in several localization of BC 25.0 and 25.1 In Feature Management, activate the feature "Enable use of G/L currency revaluation" The NL environment has EUR as default currency in the General Ledger Setup. Confirm from the VAT posting setup page, which VAT posting combination has reverse charge tax. In my test in NL, EU and Standard is used. Create a purchase order, select a vendor, add item in the line, personalize the page to have VAT Bus. Posting Group and VAT Prod. Posting Group. I changed the VAT Bus. Posting Group to EU in the "Invoice Details" tab and this will prompt that it will change it on the line, accept this. If the VAT Prod. Posting Group is not Standard on the purchase order line, change it to Standard. The above step 3 - 5 is to make sure that you have the right combination for "Reverse Charge Tax" on this document. Preview posting to see result. Notice that the highlighted line is showing a wrong Source Currency Amount of 676.49 instead of -142.06 and the Source VAT Currency Amount is showing as positive instead of negative. ACTUAL RESULT: The Source Currency Amount is showing wrong sign and amount when VAT calculation type is reverse charge tax in VAT posting setup EXPECTED RESULT: The Source Currency Amount should show correct sign and amount when VAT calculation type is reverse charge tax in VAT posting setup Note: The work item Bug 557788 [All-e]The Source Currency on G/L entries for Gains and Losses shows the wrong amount. might be related to this issue.
Description:
Wrong calculation in Source Currency Amount with wrong sign when VAT calculation type is reverse charge tax in VAT posting setup
