Title: [ALL-E] An error when trying to create an Inventory Pick for a Production Order because no Warehouse Request was created during changing of Firm Planned to Released Production Order:  "There is nothing to create."
Repro Steps:
Create a new Location called 'PICKBIN' or you can use Silver and have it with just 'Bin Mandatory' = TRUE and the new 'Prod Consumption Whse. Handling' = "Inventory Pick/Movement" Have 2 bins setup for Location called:STORAGETOPROD Set the 'To-Production Bin Code' = TOPROD on the Warehouse Tab of the Location. Go to Warehouse Employees and be sure your user is setup as Warehouse Employee. Go to Manufacturing Setup and set 'Component At Location' = PICKBIN Go to Item Journal and post 10 qty of item 1151 to your PICKBIN location to the STORAGE Bin. Go to Production BOM 1150, set it to Under Development and remove all items from it, except for 1151 you keep. Set it back to Certified Status. Go to Firm Planned Prod. Orders and create a new one for:Source Type = ItemSource No. = 1150Quantity =1Location Code = PICKBIN Then go to Process = Refresh Production Order (Do NOT set Create Inbound Request). Then go into Line > Components and verify you have component 1151 at PICKBIN Location. On the Firm Planned Prod. Order, go to Process > Change Status and choose to change it to a Released Production Order. Go to the Released Production Order now, and choose Actions > Warehouse > Create Inventory Putaway/Pick/Movement with...>Create Invt. Pick = TRUEEXPECTED RESULTS: An inventory Pick is createdACTUAL RESULTS: Error "There is nothing to create."It is because during the change of Status from 'Firm Planned' to 'Released', there was no Warehouse Request Record created in Table 5765.ADDED > If I just simply create a new Released Prod. Order, then we have no problem....a Warehouse Request is then created and Inv. Pick. > Additionally, IF you run through the Repro steps with the 'Require Pick' = TRUE, then it works also. So the 'Change Status' function seems to only be validating against the 'Require Pick' field, and not the 'Prod Consumption Whse. Handling' field.
Description:
IF you were to have a 22.5 version and test something similar where your Location has:Bin Mandatory = TRUE Require Pick = TRUE ...keeping the fact that BC23 has different and new setup option where we can separate picking only for Production.. Then if you run the same steps, the Warehouse Request is created once the Firm Planned is changed to Released, and therefore you can then create the Pick.This is derived from Internal Case Review: https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/494773
