Title: [master] Manually filled Item Type Description changes but not the G/L type when sharing Intercompany Sales document from one company to another 
Repro Steps:
Item Type Description changes but not the G/L type when sharing Intercompany Sales document from one company to another. This issue was reproduced in Version: GB Business Central 23.5 Intercompany setups look this way for both Partners. Create a sales Invoice for the Customer configured for Intercompany and edit the description manually of the item and GL account, When you post the Sales Invoice, the Document is sent to the Intercompany outbox. We go to the Intercompany Outbox and cross check the document before sending. The manual name change we performed in the Sales Invoices also reflects here as well. We then send the Document across to the next company. We open the other company, and we can find the document in the Intercompany inbox and the manual name change is also carried across. We then proceed to accept the document into our environment. When we now open the Purchase Invoices page, the document is now available but the description field changes back to the original for the Item type line, but the GL type remains. But when we accept in the receiving company the name doesn't change for the Item but changes for the GL Please clarify if this is by design or an issue.
Description:
Manually filled Item Type Description changes but not the G/L type when sharing Intercompany Sales document from one company to another
