Title: [master] [ALL-E] Item Reclassification Journal generates two negative warehouse entry weights instead of the expected negative and then positive weight
Repro Steps:
The steps I have taken in the item card are as follows: In the item card, I set up the unit of measure and item tracking. I created the unit of measure as shown in the image. In the item journal, I added the location code, bin code, and quantity. I assigned the Lot No. and the expiration date, then posted the item. In the item reclassification journal, I added the item number and location code. I also added a new bin code in the same location. You can add the new location code and new bin code from the personalize option. I assigned the same Lot No. as in the item journal and then posted it. I navigated to the warehouse entries and observed the following results: Expected Outcome: For Warehouse Entry 3, the weight should be positive. Entry Type: Positive Adjustment, Quantity: 10, Weight: 250 Entry Type: Movement, Quantity: -10, Weight: -250 Entry Type: Movement Quantity, Quantity: 10, Weight: 250 Actual Results: Three Warehouse Entries are created: 1: Entry Type = Positive Adjustment, Quantity = 10, Weight = 250 2: Entry Type = Movement, Quantity = -10, Weight = -250 3: Entry Type = Movement Quantity, Quantity = 10, Weight = -250 Could you please clarify if this is the correct approach or if further clarification is needed for the expected outcome?
Description:
Derived and copied from Support Case Review 556932https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/556932
