Title: [master] Invoice Discount is transferred as negative VAT in Intercompany.
Repro Steps:
Environments: Sending - Version: W1 23.4 Receiving -Version: DE Business Central 23.4 (you can also use different companies in the same environment) In this scenario I already set up a cx that has IC setup Sending company (W1) customer card Receiving company (DE) customer card I created a new item that with zero vat prod posting group in the 2companies W1 DE A sales invoice is posted with an invoice discount and the invoice is send via intercompany posting to the partner, the invoice discount is transferred as negative VAT. Posted Sales invoice in the sending company (W1) The sales invoice is transferred to the receiving company as a purchase invoice: Receiving company (DE) Invoice discount is 0, and Total VAT is -1000 (the amount of the expected invoice discount). ================ACTUAL RESULTS ================ Invoice Discount is transferred as negative VAT in Intercompany. ================ EXPECTED RESULTS ================ The sales invoice discount should be transferred to the purchase invoice discount and VAT should be transferred from the sales invoice to the purchase invoice. If the VAT on the sales invoice is 0, then it should be 0 on the purchase invoice, if the VAT on the sales invoice is non-zero, it will be transferred to the purchase invoice in the same amount.
Description:
There is an issue with intercompany invoice discounts. When a sales invoice with an invoice discount is sent via intercompany posting to the other partner, the discount is transferred as negative VAT.
