Title: Error with sales/purchase invoices that require document nos. in date order
Repro Steps:
See (379) Viva Engage : Dynamics 365 Business Central Partner Community (Formerly: Development) : View Conversation (yammer.com) In short: Set up the number series for posted sales invoices to require date order Create a sales order that has some issue that makes it not possible to post - wrong dimension or something Try to post it -> you should get some error message. Now the sales header has stored the posted document no. in field "Posting No." (this mechanism is to reduce the locking on the number series line record) Post some other sales invoices wait a day or more Correct the blocking issue in step 2 and post the invoice -> error, because you try to use an 'old' document number. The user is stuck. What we should do is to take a new number from the number series and then register the unused document number as 'not used' or whatever - I think we have a mechanism for this. Example: For us, the current design is honestly an issue. For example this happened to us the other day. My customer calls me, saying she cannot post an Invoice; they have date order marked in the posted invoice no series. 4 months ago, se tried posting a sales order by mistake; the process threw an error, because she tried posting the invoice without posting the shipment (or something like that). So say for example INV24-10106 was reserved at that time. Now, at present, the current invoice is INV24-10901 for example, so many Invoices have been posted now after that event, and 4 months have passed. Today, the user wants to post the old sales order. What can the user do? System is not going to allow her to post INV24-10006 at this point. Now they have a few problems: - They have a gap in the Posted Invoice Numbers, as INV24-10106 was never posted. - They cannot post the reserved Invoice No INV24-10106 with today's date, because they need to have the date Order activated. - They cannot delete de Sales Order, because it has prepayments, as the customer payed in advance. Also the shipment for this order was already posted. - We really want to avoid locking the No Series table, as the company is transaction heavy. IMO, the system should never reserve Invoice numbers for a specific sales order. If there is an error, the next posting should just take this reserved number.
Description:

