Title: [master] [ALL-E] Line Discount % is deleted in the service line when changing the fault reason code in the service order.
Repro Steps:
Process Scenario: Open BC 23.4 or 23.5. Search for service items. Click New. Add Item No 1896-S. Customer No. 10000. Search for Service Orders. New. Add the Customer No 10000. Go to the lines and add Service Item No and the Item No. Go to Order and click Service Lines. Add the details one more time as shown in the below screenshot. Make sure to set the Line Discount. Go back and change the Fault Reason Code to Defect. Then go back to Order -> Service Lines. As you can see the Line Discount % is deleted. Re add it manually and go back to change the Fault Reason code again. Open the service lines again and Line Discount % is deleted again. Actual Result Line Discount % is deleted whenever changing the fault reason code. Expected result Line Discount % shouldn’t be deleted whenever changing the fault reason code Technical Details / Investigation done / anything you need to add? N/A Workarounds possible? / Related solutions or Bugs found? N/A
Description:
Describe in non-technical terms the issue – what is the customer trying to do Whenever changing the fault reason code in the service orders, the Line discounts in the service lines is deleted. What is the business impact to the customer?How does the problem impact their business? Whenever changing the fault reason code in the service orders, the Line discounts in the service lines is deleted How frequently does this issue occur? Always in 23.4 and 23.5 Is there a workaround? N/A Is the customer applying the workaround? N/A How many users are affected by this issue?All
