Title: [master] Uable to add a non-inventory Item, to a sales order when shipping advice is complete and the pick already created.
Repro Steps:
Troubleshooting Steps: First, we go to sales & receivables and make the Auto Post Non-Invt. via Whse. is All Then we go to locations and you can choose any location, but in my scenario I chose the following: Then we go to the location and then we make sure that require pick and put away is enabled you can keep the remaining as it is We search for item journal Then we add an item and location code that we modified with the quantity as the following and then post it Search for customers You can choose the following customer Change the shipping advice to complete as the following We go to items We create a new item or just modify the item with name SER101 as the following to non-inventory Go to sales order, create new sales order Insert the customer and the item that we’ve modified but make sure you have the available quantity in the location and release the order. Create inventory Put-away/pick then choose create Invt. Pick as the following Reopen the sales order Add another item in the lines as non-inventory item it gives this error I receive the following error however, if I made the shipping advice to partial and I able to do so and add another lines.
Description:
Actual Result Unable to add a line a non inventory item line in the sales order while the shipping advice is set to complete while the Auto Post Non-Invt. via Whse. is All Expected Result To be able to add a sales line non inventory item in the sales order. Like a Ressource or Item charge
