Title: [master] [ALL-E] Corrected VAT Amount is set back when inventory pick was posted
Repro Steps:
Issue is reproduced in BC 26.0 FR localization Enable VAT Difference in the Sales & Receivable setup page. Set the Maximum VAT Difference Allowed = 1.00 in the General Ledger Setup Open Warehouse Employees and add your user to location JAUNE as default. Open location "JAUNE"Make sure you enable "Require Put-away", "Require Pick", and "Bin mandatory". While in the location, click Bin, add a bin Code = PUTPICKDescription = PutpickClick "Contents" from the navigation bar, enable "Fixed" and "Default", insert Item No. = 1906-S (Already existing item) Go to purchase order.Create newAdd vendor 10000Item = 1906-SLocation = JAUNEQuantity = 1 Through the Home navigation, click "Create Inventory Put-away/Pick"Toggle on "Create Inv. Put-Away" and click okay.Go to the created inventory put-away through Related > Warehouse > Inv. Put-away/Pick lines.Show document to open the document and post Receive and Invoice Go to Sales orderCreate newAdd customer 10000Item = 1906-SLocation = JAUNEQuantity = 1 On the navigation, click "Order" > "Statistics".Click the No. of Tax Line field -> in the invoice sectionThe tax amount for this item is 87.16, change it to 87. Close the statistics page back to the sales orderClick "Home" > "Create Inventory Put-away/Pick"Toggle on "Create Inv. Pick" and click okay.Go to the created inventory pick through Related > Warehouse > Inv. Put-away/Pick lines.Show document to open the document.Post -> Ship Go back to the sales order.Open the Statistiks you see it is changed back to 87.16To get the correct VAT amount (new VAT), step 8 has to be done again after step 9 is completed. Actual Result: VAT Difference is set back when using inventory pick Expected Result: The newly set VAT which has been set should not be reverted to the original VAT amount after inventory pick is done.
Description:

