Title: [master] [ALL-E] When adding Lot to Production Component, creating and registering a Partial Pick for that Lot, then deleting the Pick, a new Pick is created with no Lot No. suggested
Repro Steps:
1- Copy the item of 1900 and fill in the fields as following: 2- Make the user admin in the location White 3- Open the warehouse item journal and fill in the fields as appearing in the screenshot then click on item tracking line then assign two lot no., each lot for half of the overall quantity. Then return back and register this. 4- Open the item journal and click on calculate warehouse adjustment and filter by the item no and the location then post the item journal. 6- Open the released production order and click on new. 7- Fill in the fields as appearing in the screenshot then click on refresh production order. 8- Click on components the fill in the fields as appearing in the screenshot then assign lot no. as appearing: 9- Close the component page and open the released production order and click on create warehouse pick then open the pick lines that was created it will appears as following. 10- Adjust the qty to handle to 200 then register the pick then delete this pick. 11- Create warehouse pick once again and open the pick lines that was created. It will appear as following: The actual results: The lot no. field in the second warehouse pick was an empty and you can select another lot. The expected result: The lot no. field should contain the lot12 and shouldn't allow the user to select another lot.
Description:
Derived and Copied from Bug 549279
