Title: Warehouse Shipment Preview with Item Tracking fails on Second Attempt with Error: The record in table Reservation Entry already exists.
Repro Steps:

Description:
Check https://portal.microsofticm.com/imp/v5/incidents/details/571606800/summary for repro, although CSS was not able to reproduce. Issue might be caused by Service Management componentization in v25. "Serv. Sales-Post" is SingleInstance, so Clear(ServItemManagement); might be needed in [EventSubscriber(ObjectType::Codeunit, Codeunit::"Sales-Post", 'OnRunOnBeforeCheckAndUpdate', '', false, false)]. Although, if simple page refresh fixes the issue as claimed by client, then it might not be an issue. Might be worth to check "Serv. Purch.-Post" as well. Repro steps (Cronus): Create an item with SN tracking. Important: Set "Service Item Group" = DESKTOP for the item. Setup location SILVER for Require Shipment = true, set the shipment bin code S-01-0001 With item journal, post 1 pc to location SILVER, bin S-01-0001, assign serial number. Create sales order for 1 pc of the item, location SILVER, select serial number. Release, create warehouse shipment. Preview post warehouse shipment. Preview post again -> ERROR: Reservation entry already exists. The problem happens here: which calls this function eventually: TempReservEntry is not cleared, and the ServItemManagement codeunit lives as a global variable in a single instance codeunit Serv.-Sales Post. So, the chain of variables keeping their state: Serv.-Sales Post (single instance) -> ServItemManagement codeunit -> TempReservEntry.
