Title: [master] [ALL-E] Not possible to post put away for transfer order with Lot and Serial no. tracking, the following error appears: The record in table Tracking Specification already exists. Identification fields and values: Entry No.='0'
Repro Steps:
Open BC 23.3 W1 Search for users -> create yourself as Admin Search for Warehouse EmployeesAdd your user for Location SILVER and RED Search for Locations:Open Location REDRequre Put away: YesCloseOpen Location: SILVERRequire Put away: yesRequire Pick: yesAlways Create Put-away Line: yesPick According to FEFO : yesclose Search for Item Tracking codes:Create a new Item Tracking: ALL Search for itemscreate a new Item With Item TemplateAdd Item Tracking: ALL Search for Purchase OrdersCreate a new purchase orderVendor: 10000Item: 70061 (the new item)Location: SILVERQuantity: 5Add Item TrackingLine -> Item tracking linesone line with a different Lot No. Create Inventory Put away Search for inventory Put awaysand open the create put awayAdd by personalisation the following fields:Lot No.Serial No.Expiration DateAdd Bin Code and Expiration DateAutofill Qty. to HandlePost -> Receive Search for Transfer OrdersCreate a new order Create Inventory PickOpen the PickRelated -> Warehouse -> Inv. Put-away/Pick linesShow documentAdd by personalisation the following fields:Lot No.Serial No.Expiration DateAutofill Qty. to HandlePost Back in the Transfer orderCreate Inventory Put awayOpen the Put awayRelated -> Warehouse -> Inv. Put-away/Pick linesShow documentAutofill Qty. to HandlePost ACTUAL RESULT:The following error appears:The record in table Tracking Specification already exists. Identification fields and values: Entry No.='0'EXPECTED RESULT:It should be posted as it has been in BC 22.1 and earlier.
Description:

