Title: [master] [ALL-E] Service Invoice for Contracts starting in February, Leap Year incorrect calculation breakdown of monthly alloactions
Repro Steps:
Work Date 02/06/24 (MM/DD/YY) Create new Service Item with the following:Customer = 40000Default Contract Value = $1,200Installation Date = 02/06/24 (MM/DD/YY) Go to Service Contracts, and Create new Service ContractSay yes to use Template, and you can use a Prepaid Contract template...just go into the Contract Template and change the Invoice Period to YEAR. Go down on Contract and set 'Expiration Date' = 02/05/25 (MM/DD/YY) On the Contract Service Lines, choose your Service Item you created previously. Line Value should be $1,200. In the Invoice Details, click in the Annual Amount and be sure that is $1,200. Go to Process > Sign Contract.... say YES to sign contract but say NO to create the partial month invoice. Update Work Date = 03/01/2024. (MM/DD/YY) On Service Contract, go to Process > 'Create Service Invoice'. Says yes to create invoice and yes to create partial month invoice.EXPECTED RESULTS: Invoice Total would be broken out each month (11 months @ 100, and then partially in Feb 2024 and a little bit in Feb. 2025... and all total $1,200ACTUAL RESULTS: 11 months @ $100 is correct but the 2 Feb. breakout totals are $.62 too much, so Invoice Total is for $1,200.62.
Description:
Derived from Support Case Review https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/500689 This seems to only occur when contract Invoice starts in Feb. 2024, which is leap year. An extra small amount is added to the Service Invoice for the Contract.
