Title: [master] [ALL-E] Error in Prod Order Components: Line No. must not be changed when a Warehouse Activity Line for this Prod. Order Component exists...
Repro Steps:
Use a location that has Bins, Require Pick and Require Ship, and Prod. Consumption Whse. Handling = Mandatory. I have a Purple Location (not depicted in the screenshots we got from Partner, but you can use that), with the following setup: Then we need to stock our components with the following in an Item Journal:Item 1110, 100 Qty, PURPLE Location, Bin = STORAGE (Must have storage bin, if not, add one).Item 1120, 100 Qty, PURPLE Location, Bin = OPEN SHOP FLOOR (NOTE - This component is forward flushed, so need in this bin).Item 1250, 100 Qty, PURPLE Location, Bin = STORAGE Item 1160, 100 Qty, PURPLE Location, Bin = STORAGE Item 1170, 100 Qty, PURPLE Location, Bin = STORAGE Go to Manufacturing Setup and set 'Component at Location' = PURPLE or whatever you are using. Post the Item Journal (Make sure you have Inventory Posting Setup that is set up for your Location and Finished Inv. Posting Group if you get an error you will have to set this up before you can post. Go to Released Production Order and create a new one for Source No. = 1200, for 1 quantity, and be sure to Update Location = PURPLE (Or whatever location you use.) Now Refresh Production Order (Note this will forward flush component 1120). Now create Warehouse Pick On Released Prod. Order go to Line > Components 9. While the cursor is in the first line, go to a new line: EXPECTED RESULTS: No ErrorACTUAL RESULTS: Error: Line No. must not be changed when a Warehouse Activity Line for this Prod. Order Component exists:......" Read full error, and is about the forward Flushed Item 1200. 10. Now go to the 2nd line, the component that was forward flushed, which would not have any Warehouse Activity Lines, create a new line at the bottom... NO Error message.If you do this same thing on the other lines, you will get same message. Only the forward flushed item, with no Whse. activity lines do you Not get error.
Description:
Derived and copied from Copied from #556921 https://dynamicssmb2.visualstudio.com/Dynamics%20SMB/_workitems/edit/556921
