Title: [master] [ALL-E] Expiration date is not transferred to picklines, when item tracking is set in assembly order
Repro Steps:
Error Message: Expiration Date must have a value in Tracking Specification: Entry No.=1. It cannot be zero or empty. when Posting Inventory Pick from a Sales Order for an Assembly Order Item with Lot tracking and Expiration date This issue was reproduced in ON PREM Version: W1 23.5 Location Card Blue is set up to allow Pick and Put away. Add yourself as the Warehouse Employee This what the Item Tracking Code Card looks like Create the Assembly Order Item (70064) of type Assembly but do not assign any Assembly BOM Next Assign the Item tracking for Manual Expiration on the Item 70064 Create another Item (70065 - Carton for Assembly) which will Serve as a BOM for this item, but we will manually add this item to the Assembly Order lines Later. Create and post a Purchase Order for the second item (70065 - Carton for Assembly) to have inventory for this item in location BLUE Create a Sales Order for the first Item (70064 - Assembly Item tracking) add location Blue to the lines. From the Sales Order, move across to the linked Assembly Order (The Assembly Order is created automatically because of the Policy on this item - Assemble-to-Order) Show the Assembly Order document. On the Assembly Order Lines, Add the second item (70065 - Carton for Assembly) from the Blue Location. Here this item will now serve a as the Raw Material (BOM) for the Assembly Item tracking (Item 70064) as we have planned initially. Scroll to the Header on the Assembly Order document Header, Add the Item tracking lines and Expiry date for the first Item 1000 - Assembly Item tracking. Then we go back to the Sales Order On the Sales Order, we confirm that the item tracking lines added to the Assembly Order is carried over and yes everything looks fine. Then we can proceed to create the Inventory Pick from the Sales Order Navigate to the related Inventory Pick and Warehouse pick document. ACTUAL RESULT: Once the Inventory Pick is created, Open the document add the fields Lot No. and Expiration Date by personalization you see the Expiration Date is not filled: If you try to post the following error message -> Expiration Date must have a value in Tracking Specification: Entry No.=1. It cannot be zero or empty. EXPECTED RESULT:The Expiration Date should be transferred to the Pick line.
Description:

