Title: [master] [ALL-E] Posted Source Document of a Service Order incorrectly links to a blank Posted Sales Shipment instead of the expected Posted Service Shipment
Repro Steps:
*** Were you able to reproduce the issue? YES Cx reported in 25.5 AU 26.1 and 26.2 Prerequisites: -Navigate to Company Information in your settings and set User Experience to Premium. -In Service Management Setup, ensure that the No. Series is configured under the Numbering FastTab. -Use Location WHITE as the Warehouse Employee and set as default 1. Go to Service Order and enter a Customer No. (e.g., 20000). 2.In the Service Lines Fast tab: -Create a new Service Item No. -Add an item (ensure quantities have been added to the WHITE location via the Warehouse Item Journal). 3. Still within the Service Order Lines: -Navigate to Lines > Service Item Worksheet. -You may be prompted to enter a Variant Code, but this is not required. It might Prompt you to include a Variant Code but there won't be a need for that 4, In the Shipping FastTab of the Service Order document, set the Location Code to WHITE. 5. Click Create Warehouse Shipment. 6.When the Warehouse Shipment page opens: -Click Create Pick. -Then go to Shipment > Pick Lines to register the pick lines. -Afterward, post the shipment. 7.Search for the Posted Warehouse Shipment: -In the Service Lines, go to Line > Source Posted Document. -This incorrectly displays a blank Posted 'Sales' Shipment. Expected Behavior:The Posted Source Document should link to the Posted Service Shipment, not the Sales Shipment If you search for the Posted Service Shipment on the global search, you will find it But Clicking the Posted Source Document shows Nothing
Description:
Posted Source Document of a Service Order incorrectly links to a blank Posted Sales Shipment instead of the expected Posted Service Shipment
