Title: [master] [all-e]Payment Discount Tolerance Warning appears when it should not
Repro Steps:
This was reproduced in W1 25.x latest build In the general ledger setup page, set the Pmt. Disc. Tolerance Posting to "Payment Discount Accounts", set the Payment Tolerance Posting to "Payment Tolerance Accounts" and set your Payment Discount Grace Period as "4D" and enable the payment discount tolerance warning. Set the payment term code to 1M due date calculation, 8D discount date calculation and 5% discount. Set a customer payment term to the created payment term code. Create a sales invoice with this customerPosting date = 01/20/2025 Amount Incl. VAT = 100 The entry created is seen below after posting the sales invoice:Pmt Disc Tolerance Date = 02/01/2025Pmt Disc Possible = 5 Go to Cash Receipt Journal:Posting Date = 01/31/25 (must be within pmt disc tolerance period)Customer = 10000Amount = Empty From the Cash Receipt Journal click button "Apply Entries and set the Applies-to ID to the invoice posted in step 4 If you now leave the Apply Customer Entries page with button OK, the Payment Discount Tolerance Warning will appear Choose Option Post as Payment Discount Tolerance and click button Yes The amount in the cash receipt journal is now filled with -100 Actual Result: The full amount of -100 is now suggested in the cash receipt journal Expected Result: Since we did choose option Post as Payment Discount Tolerance in the pmt discount tolerance warning, we would expect to get the amount of -95 suggested and the rest gets posted as payment discount. Additional Information: When you now post those entries, the payment discount is posted on top of the original amount and it is not deducted.
Description:
Payment Discount Tolerance Warning appears when it should not
