Title: [ALL-E] UX: Exchange Production BOM Item (99001043, Report Request)
Repro Steps:
Navigate to Company Information and activate Premium experience Serach for Exchange Production BOM Item page. It is fine, but misses some UX improvements. Most people use it to select new Item. Exchange Type - set Type: Item Exchange No. - add red asterisk to highlight that this field is mandatory With Type - set Type: Item With No - keep as is. Tooltips are not informative enough. Please update: Exchange: Type Specifies what is to be exchanged here - Item or Production BOM. Exchange: No Specifies the item number or the production BOM number that will be exchanged. With: Type Specifies the replacement for the selected exchange type - either Item or Production BOM. With: No. Specifies the item or production BOM that should serve as a replacement. This field may be left blank if neither the item nor the production BOM is required anymore and should not be included in the new version or removed from the production BOM. Create New Version Specifies whether the exchange should create a new version. If enabled, a new version will be created. If disabled, the current production BOM will be updated along with certified Production BOM versions. Note that Production BOM Versions with statuses other than Certified will be ignored. Starting Date Specifies the effective date for these changes. For a new version of the production BOM, this date will be copied to the header. For lines added to the existing production BOM, the date will be specified in the lines. Recertify Specifies whether the production BOM should be certified after the changes. Otherwise, after modification the production BOM or production BOM versions will remain in the Under Development status. Delete Exchanged Components Specifies whether the exchanged component should be deleted. This setting is applicable only if the Create New Version option is turned off and a replacement item or production BOM has been selected.
Description:

